
Yes, and what about Paul saying:

26 Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath:
(Ephesians 4:26).

Obviously then, we can be angry w/o sinning.

Jon

------------------------------------------------
Jon Ogden         - jono@mac-ak-24.rtsg.mot.com
Motorola Cellular - Advanced Products Division
Voice: 708-632-2521      Data: 708-632-6086
------------------------------------------------


      (Reasoning pertinent to believing Xians deleted for space)

      It strikes me, for no apparent reason, that this is reversible.
I.e., if I had proof that there existed a hell, in which I would be
eternally punished for not believing in life, would that make me a Xian?
(pardon my language) _Bloody_hell_no_!

      ...Of course, being merely a reversal of your thinking, this
doesn't add anything _new_ to the debate, but...


      A point very well taken, IMNSHO.


[On the issue of 'burning' nuclear wastes using particle beams...]



I sometimes wonder if your newsfeed gives you different articles than
everyone else, Pat.  Just a *few* corrections:

1) I never 'defended' 20kHz power, other than as something reasonable
to GO LOOK AT.

2) I have also never opposed a *research project* into feasibility of
the spalling reactor approach to 'cleaning' nuclear waste -- I simply
doubt it could be made to work in the Real World (tm), which ought to
become clear fairly quickly during a research program into feasibility
(sort of like what happened to 20 kHz power -- it proved to have a
down-side that was too expensive to overcome).

I figure 2 things wrong in a single sentence is a high enough fault
density for even you, Pat.



-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
: Are the Serbs doing the work of God?  Hmm...

: I've been wondering if anyone would ever ask the question,

: Are the governments of the United States and Europe not moving
: to end the ethnic cleansing by the Serbs because the targets are
: muslims?

: Can/Does God use those who are not following him to accomplish
: tasks for him?  Esp those tasks that are punative?

: James Sledd
: no cute sig....  but I'm working on it.

Are you suggesting that God supports genocide?
Perhaps the Germans were "punishing" Jews on God's behalf?

Any God who works that way is indescribably evil, and unworthy of
my worship or faith.
  


Fact or rumor....?  Madalyn Murray O'Hare an atheist who eliminated the
use of the bible reading and prayer in public schools 15 years ago is now
going to appear before the FCC with a petition to stop the reading of the
Gospel on the airways of America.  And she is also campaigning to remove
Christmas programs, songs, etc from the public schools.  If it is true
then mail to Federal Communications Commission 1919 H Street Washington DC
20054 expressing your opposition to her request.  Reference Petition number
Thanks for the Update.

A 3DO marketing rep. recently offered a Phillips marketing rep. a $100
bet that 3DO would have boxes on the market on schedule.  The Phillips
rep. declined the bet, probably because he knew that 3DO players are
already in pre-production manufacturing runs, 6 months before the
commercial release date.

By the time of commercial release, there will be other manufacturers of
3DO players announced and possibly already tooling up production.  Chip
sets will be in full production.  The number of software companies
designing titles for the box will be over 300.

How do I know this?  I was at a bar down the road from 3DO headquarters
last week.  Some folks were bullshitting a little too loudly about
company business.

 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: 
: Seriously, though, Griffen didn't save the lives of children, and he did
: destroy the life of a man, so on the most superficial of levels, he's scum.
: 

I almost agree, but Griffen is not scum.  Scum has no guilt or freedom to
choose anything.  Griffen does.  God did not make scum when he made Griffen.
He made a precious person and this person chose to do wrong.  The same goes
for Dr. Gunn.

: But if you are to examine it more closely, Griffen would have preferred that
: these children were born -- yet AFTER their birth, did Griffen have any 
: assistance to offer them?  Did Griffen intend to support them, educate them,
: raise them up to be useful citizens?  Did he have any intent whatsoever
: to help these children after birth?
: 

Here's the real problem.  Americans have become so insensitive to the needs
of others and so completely wrapped up in themselves that they cannot see
straight or think clearly enough to make even the slightest and most obvious
moral decisions based on reality.

If a man abandons a woman to care for their child on her own, he is not
considered to be a very respectable or decent man by anyone.  This man has
fled his responsibility, has behaved like a lazy coward, and has turned
away from his responsibility to his wife and child.

However, if a woman decides to kill her unborn child to release her burden,
she is not thought of in the same way.  When the man abandons, the woman
suffers but the child is free to grow up and live a happy and normal life.
When the woman abandons, the child is diced or killed with saline or vacuumed
out, and the man has no choice, and the man sometimes suffers so badly that
he wishes he could trade places with his child.

Ths root of this whole problem is selfishness--the arrogance that says, "My
feelings and desires are supreme and your well being is not worth dung."
And when you come down to it, this is the substance of what hell is made of.
It's the reason a loving God can throw selfish people to the devil and his
demons for all of eternity.  Let any one of us unrepentant into heaven, and
we'll ruin it the first chance we get.

: Now, I don't really know the answer to these questions, but I've got a real
: good guess.
: 

And, it's probably right.

: And I wouldn't call *that* 'benevolent', either.
: 

It is a move in the right direction.  As it is now, we don't see our
responsibility because we kill it and get it out of sight.  The media
backs us completely.  Real responsibility does not sell.  The only
"responsibility" that sells in the marketplace is that which is just
enough to make us "feel responsible" without showing anything that
might show us our own true irresponsibility.  We want to "feel" like
good people, but we want nothing with *being* good people.  Just give
me the freedom to say "I'm good", and the rest of the world can burn.
Rape and kill my children and throw my parents to the places where
poor old folks rot until they're dead.  I'll hate my brother and sister
if I wish and I'll cheat on my wife or husband.  Screw the government,
because it screws me, and don't talk to me about giving to the church
because church people are all a bunch of money grubbing hypocrites.
But, I'm a good person.  At least I admit what I do.  At least I love
myself and we all know that is the greatest love in the world--not that
a man lay down his life for his brother...That sounds too "christian".

At the root, this is the substance of what hell is made of.

We've become a self indulgant, backslidden society no longer responsible
to our children, to our parents, to our families, to our government, or
to our God.  This is the root behind justification of every evil, of every
corruption in government, of every slanderous remark, of every lie, and
of every murder.  Society cannot continue to live like this long.  it will
have to destroy itsself soon, and perhaps in the end, that will be the
biggest blessing this world can hope to see.

Why do people see so much evil in trying to turn this situation around?

--
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
	"I deplore the horrible crime of child murder...
	 We want prevention, not merely punishment.
	 We must reach the root of the evil...
	 It is practiced by those whose inmost souls revolt
	 from the dreadful deed...
	 No mater what the motive, love of ease,
		or a desire to save from suffering the unborn innocent,
		the woman is awfully guilty who commits the deed...
	 but oh! thrice guilty is he who drove her
		to the desperation which impelled her to the crime."

(1)  Stephen said you took a quote out of context
(2)  You noted that Stephen had not replied to some other t.r.m article
     (call it A) that took a quote out of context
(3)  But the lack of evidence for X does not constitute evidence for the
     lack of X  (a common creationist error)
(4)  So the fact that Stephen did not reply to A does not justify the
     conclusion that Stephen condoned taking quotes out of context in A
(5)  You asked Stephen to explain why you were wrong and they were OK,
     or to acknowledge that he was being a hypocrite.  
(6)  Both of the choices you give Stephen assume that he condoned
     taking quotes out of context in A.
(7)  I assumed you were being logical, and that the sentence that begins
     "Could you please explain ..." was not a nonsequitur, but was intended
     to follow from the sentence that preceded it.
(8)  Therefore, I concluded that you believed that (2) implied that Stephen
     condoned taking quotes out of context in A
(9)  But we've already seen that (2) does not imply this
(10) Therefore, you were incorrect to believe that (2) implied that Stephen
     thought it was okay to take quotes out of context in A, and were 
     making an error of a kind that is frequently made by creationists.

Is that better Jim?   It's called an argument.  If you disagree with it,
explain why the argument is not sound.  (I admit that my assumption in (7)
may have been a bit hasty.)  If you agree with it, just say "yup."
Despite my trendy, liberal, feminist tendencies and the fact
that I basically agree with what you are saying I will rebut:

 
The basic question here is "how do I know what I am supposed to do?"
This is true in every situation that comes up. Some people do not
think about it at all and merely follow their impulses. I claim
that is just as dangerous as "following authority". I could site
sexually transmitted diseases, drug abuse, all manner of criminal
activity, the savings and loan scandal, car accidents, eggs thrown
at my house, all are examples of people not "following authority".
I could easily argue that in the evil examples you gave the 
problem was a leader not following _his_ authority and doing what 
he wanted. Of course, where is the top of the chain? Therein lies 
our search.
 

I don't think it's as simple as you are claiming. "Pressing need" is
ambiguous. Should I recycle or not? 
 
Realize that I have four kids who, despite being very precocious 
of course, are very tiring with their constant lack of understanding
the tremendous knowledge I wish to impart to them.


Ahh! An ironic ending.
 
The irony I was implying in my initial pithy retort to the bumper 
sticker cliche "Question Authority" was that I was questioning 
the authority of the person telling me to question authority.
It seems there is a certain segment of society that finds meaning
only in being different, only in rebelling, forsaking everything
for the sake of freedom. I question their integrity and fortitude. 
There is another freedom that comes from doing a task correctly.
Different people are at different levels of development in different
areas. Part of the challenge of life is to find the right authorities
to follow, we can't know everything about everything. Often 
when learning a new skill or subject I will follow the teacher,
perhaps blindly. Only when I have learned enough to ask appropriate
questions should I question him, only when I have developed
my skills enough should I challenge him. Once again, how do I know
when I get to those stages?

If you have to be told to question authority, perhaps you shouldn't.
SAMPE, NCGA, The University of Akron, and NASA Lewis Research Center
is sponsoring:

                      COMPUTERS AND COMPOSITES

	A one-day seminar devoted to practical applications of
	computer workstations for efficient processing, design, and
			Manufacture of composites

May 18, 1993
at
 The University of Akron
  Akron, Ohio

Speakers on:
 Advancement in Graphics Visualization   Dr. Jay Horowitz, NASA
 Integrated Product Development with     Mr. Michael R. Cowen
  Network Workstations		          Sikorski Aircraft
 Structural Analysis			 Mr. Brian Fite, NASA
 Stereolithography			 Mr. Jason Williams, Penn State-Erie
 Molecular and Physical Modeling	 Dr. Vassilios Galiatsato,
  of Polymer Curing                       University of Akron
 Process Modeling of Polymer
  Matrix Composites			 Dr Ram Upadhyay, GE Corporate R&D

Registration Fees: $75.00 Advance, $100.00 on site (Includes box lunch)

Contact Gary Roberts, NASA Lewis Research Center (216) 433-344
or write:
	SAMPE Regional Seminar
	c/o Gary Roberts
	NASA Lewis Research Center
	21000 Brookpark Rd MS 49-1
	Cleveland, Ohio 44135

Or Email to me, | and I'll get it to Gary.
		|
	        \/
on Date: 01 Apr 93 18:03:12 GMT, Ralph Buttigieg <ralph.buttigieg@f635.n713.z3.fido.zeta.org.au>
/Why can't the government just be a tennant? Private commercial concerns
/could just build a space station system and charge rent to the government
/financed researchers wanting to use it.

I believe that this was the thought behind the Industrial Space Facility.  I
don't remember all the details, but I think Space Services (?) wanted NASA to 
sign an anchor tenancy deal in order to help secure some venture capital but 
NASA didn't like the deal.  (I'm sure I'll hear about it if I'm wrong!)

I have a hard time understanding this attitude.

If the gospels are the least bit accurate, then there can be little
doubt that Jesus belived hell was a reality.

As a teacher, what would be the wise and loving thing to do if people
in your audience were headed there?  To warn them!  It would, however, 
be rather cruel and/or sadistic to believe that such a place exists 
and then remain quiet about it.  

The only scenario I can envision in which dimished respect would be
justified is if Jesus knew there was no such place as hell, and spoke
about it anyway, just to scare people. Unless you would accuse Jesus
of this, I would encourage you to reconsider what a loving response 
is when you perceive someone to be in danger. 

I produced an error last week about CHORION:


I abhor publishing trash (I abhor it of myself even more than I do from
others, but since I do not present myself as an authority on the subject, I do
not feel dishonest, though I do openly admit ignorance and incompetence in
this example).  Thus I felt honor bound to do a better set of research
specifically on the word.  First it should be noted that Greek grammar is not
as tough as I first assumed (it is not nontrivial by any means, and I still am
not competent with it, but it is not as opaque as I had thought).  It turns
out that while the Index for the Bauer-Arndt-Gingrich "Greek Lexicon" renders
each verse in order, each word within a verse is put in greek alphabetical
order.  Thus while the the meaning of the verse is decipherable, the syntax is
far from clear.  On the other hand, a Greek-English Intralinear Bible makes
things a lot more comprehendable.  And yes, the word for field in Acts 1:18 is
indeed "chorion." 

Now I've checked several Greek-English lexicons:

	"Greek English Lexicon of the New Testament," Louw and Nida
	"Robinson's Greek and English Lexicon of the New Testament"
	"Greek English Lexicon of the New Testament," Grimm
	"Word study Concordance," Tynsdale
	"A Greek English Lexicon of the New Testament and other 
	 early Christian Writings," Bauer-Arndt-Gingrich
	"The New Analytical Greek Lexicon," Perschbacher

In each case the meaning of the word Chorion was given variously as:

	A space, place, region, district, field, area, "country place," 
	land, farm, estate, "a bit of tillage", and similar meanings.

Nowhere do any of these books mention anything about "grave." As some of these 
books go into great detail, I would be very surprised to find that these books 
are all inadequate and Mr Archer is the only competent scholar in Greek.  I 
think it more likely that Mr Archer's investigations into "contradictions" to 
be once again, as your friend said it, "lacking in substance," and thus Archer 
is again shown worthless as an expert witness (By the way Mr DeCenso, I would 
have honorably presented my results on this matter, even if I had found them
to support Mr Archer's contentions). 

By the way, among these lexicons, (eg: Robinson's) is the definition of
"agros," the word used in Matthew 27 to describe the field bought.  The word
"agros" is defined as "a field in the country." Chorion is specifically noted
as a synonym to agros.  This is significant, as it is evidence of how silly
Bullinger's exegisis was, which stated that the word for "field" in Matthew
(ie: agros) is different from the word for "field" in Acts (ie: chorion), and
thus we must be talking about two different fields (Of course you already
admit how stupid Bullinger's exegisis is, but this was a small serendipity
which drives the point home). 

So as of now, unless Mr DeCenso show compelling reasons to believe otherwise
(eg: a reputable scholar with reputable references), I consider this 
particular issue closed.  See Mr DeCenso, now you can go on to answer
questions about the denials of Peter, the day of the Crucifixion, Tyre, and 
the fact that the author of Matthew quoted from the wrong prophet in
discussing the "Potter's Field."
 
				Later,

				Dave Butler

I am told that Planned Parenthood/SIECUS-style "values-free" methods, that
teach contraceptive technology and advise kids how to make "choices",
actually _increase_ pregnancy rates. I posted a long article on this a while
back and will be happy to email a copy to any who are interested.  The
article included sources to contact for information on research verifying
these statements, and an outstanding source for info on acquiring
abstinence-related curricula even in single-copy quantities for home use.

The same research produced the results that abstinence-related curricula
were found to _decrease_ pregnancy rates in teens.  I assume that it is
reasonable to assume that the AIDS rate will fluctuate with the pregnancy
rate.

The difference is not in "contraceptive technology" but in the values taught
to the children.  The PP/SIECUS curricula taught the kids that they have
legitimate choices, while the abstinence related curricula taught them that
they did _not_ have _legitimate_ choices other than abstinence.  It is the
values system that is the strongest determinent of the behavior behavior of
these kids.

Despite the better track record of abstinence-related curricula, they are
suppressed in favor of curricula that produce an effect contrary to that
desired.  

Question for further discussion (as they say in the textbooks):  Why don't
we teach "safe drug use" to kids, instead of drug abstinence?  Isn't it
because we know that a class in "how to use drugs safely if you _choose_ to
use drugs" would increase drug use?  Why isn't "drug abstinence education"
barred from schools because it teaches "religion"?  Aren't we abandoning
those children who will use drugs anyway, and need instruction in their safe
use?


Being a parent in need of some help, I ask that you bear with me while I
describe the situation which plagues me...

I am a divorced father. Chance would have it that "my weekend" with my 
daughter has fallen upon Easter Weekend this year.

Although I am Presbyterian, I had married a Catholic woman. We decided
that the Catholic moray of indoctrination of the spouse into the faith
was too confining (and restrictive due to time as we had already set a
date), and we were married in a Christian Church which was non-denominational.

During the years of our marriage, we did not often attend church. 

When our daughter was born, some years later, my wife insisted that she 
be baptised as Catholic. This wasn't a problem with me.

During a separation of five years, my ex-wife was taken ill with a disease
that affected her mental capacities. She was confined to a mental ward for
two months before it was diagnosed. It has since been treated "effectively".

In other words, professionals have deemed her a functioning member of society.

During the recuperation, my ex-wife has embraced Buddism. Her influence over
my daughter has been substantial, and has primarily allowed me only Saturday
visitation for a number of years. During this period I have read Bible study
books to my daughter, and tried to keep her aware of her Christian heritage.

Last fall, our divorce was finalized after a year of viscious divorce hearings.
At that time I was awarded visitation rights every other weekend. At that time,
I started taking my daughter to church quite often, although not every weekend.
I did this to attempt to strengthen the Christian ethic and expose her to a
religious community.

Today, Easter Sunday, I took my daughter to church. When it came time for 
Communion, my daughter took the bread (The body of Christ) but left the wine
(The blood of Christ) professing that she was too young for wine. She then
balled the bread up in her hand and tried to descretely throw it under the
pew in front of us.

I feel this was a slap in the face to me, my religion, and an afront to her
religious heritage. It can be construed as breaking several of the commandments
if you try. I really felt dishonored by the action.

My daughter is only nine years old, but I think she should have been old and
mature enough to realize her actions. I have difficulty blaming her directly
for religious teachings her mother swears to, but when I discussed this with
my daughter she made it clear she believed in Buddhism and not Christianity.

My initial response of anger (moderated) was to suggest if there is no faith
in Christ then why does she celebrate Easter, or Christmas? I suggested I
would never force her to practice my religious beliefs by celebrating holidays
with her again.

I do not want to "drive her from the fold", and would be willing to allow her
to continue practicing Buddhism (as though I had a choice seeing her only
for two days out of fourteen) but I want her to want to embrace Christianity.

Any suggestions?

If you have a response, please e-mail me a copy. (I'm not a regular reader
of this newsgroup.) (Naturally, feel free to post too!)

Thanks, and I hope you've had a happy Easter.

Drew



    The gl2p1.lzh stuff under gfx/show on the Aminet sites includes a
    utility called pic2hl, that is a filter for HamLab that can handle
    the most commonly used kinds of .PIC and .CLP files.

    The biggest problem is that the .CLP files don't usually contain a
    palette, so you need to convert a .PIC with the right palette
    first (which creates a "ram:picpal" file), and then convert the
    .CLP files.



The company was probably "Public Missiles, Inc" of Michigan.


Yup.


Nope, it's not illegal. It is, however, closely regulated. In order to 
purchase and use the big rocket motors required, it is necessary to be
one of the following:
a) An employee of a government agency.
b) An employee or student at a university doing research involving rockets.
c) A member or representative of an educational organization involved in
research or other uses of rockets. There are two such organizations: 
The Tripoli Rocketry Association and the National Association of Rocketry.
Members of either organization must demonstrate proficiency in construction
and flight before they are allowed to purchase large motors on their own.

The FAA will issue a waiver of its regulations, upon request, to any 
organization which can persuade them it has taken adequate precautions 
to avoid conflicts with aircraft. The usual stipulations are:
- Only operation up to a specified ceiling is allowed. Depending on the
location, this ceiling may be from 5000 to 50000 feet AGL. 
- The operator of the rocket is responsible for avoiding any aircraft
within the operating radius around the launch site.
- Flight into clouds or beyond visual range in haze is expressly prohibited.
- The FAA will provide a NOTAM informing other users of the airspace that
unmanned rocket operations are taking place at the specified place and time.

Most of the launches that are held (and there are dozens of them every year)
are held in areas where air traffic is relatively light, such as over the
western deserts (the Black Rock Desert north of Reno is particularly popular
since it is 25 x 150 miles of *nothing to hit* on the ground).

The two rocketry associations test and approve motors for their members'
use, to insure safety. Depending on motor size, the launcher setback is
from 50 to 500 or more feet. 

By the way, rockets under 1 lb and powered by an "F" motor are exempt from
most Federal regulations on unmanned rockets anyway. See FAR 101, Subpart
C, for details.

As for recovery...although the higher altitude rockets can reach up to
50,000 feet, most of them only get to 2,000 to 5,000 feet. The typical
rocket is 2 to 6 inches in diameter, and carries a 3 to 6 foot parachute,
or multiple parachutes, depending on the payload. Many rockets also carry
either a small transmitter or an audio sounder--particularly at launches
in the eastern US, where there are more obstructions.

Camera, telemetry transmitter, and video payloads are becoming quite common.


Why not? It's a lot of fun...check out the traffic on rec.models.rockets
for information about the model (3 lb and under) and high power (everything
bigger) rocket hobbies. As with all dangerous activities, the key is to
practice safety. I've been flying consumer rockets ranging up to 4-5 lbs
takeoff weight for 27 years, and still have all my extremities intact.


That's another thing. NO EXPLOSIVE WARHEADS OF ANY KIND ARE ALLOWED ON THESE
ROCKETS. NONE! Please forgive me for shouting, but that's one of the biggest
misconceptions people have about our hobby. 

True. But it will not be related to the rocket hobby, unless I get 
hit while crossing a road with a rocket in my hand. 
Dear Binary Newsers,

I am looking for Quick C or Microsoft C code for image decoding from file for
VGA viewing and saving images from/to GIF, TIFF, PCX, or JPEG format. I have
scoured the Internet, but its like trying to find a Dr. Seuss spell checker 
TSR. It must be out there, and there's no need to reinvent the wheel.

Thanx in advance.

//////////////
They must be shipping that good Eau Clair acid to California now.

I went back and looked at the review again.  They claim there were
significant differences in manipulating a 27 meg test file, but with
smaller files, the two platforms were the about the same.  David



Fred.

	Try reading a bit.  THe government does lots of multi year
contracts with Penalty for cancellation clauses.  They just like to be
damn sure they know what they are doing before they sign a multi year
contract.   THe reason they aren't cutting defense spending as much
as they would like is the Reagan administration signed enough
Multi year contracts,  that it's now cheaper to just finish them out.

Look at SSF.  THis years funding is 2.2 Billion,  1.8 of which will
cover penalty clauses, due to the re-design.

   [There may be some misunderstanding over terms here...]

I agree.  Quite likely, actually.

                                                      [...I believe "Jesus
   only" originally was in the context of baptism.  These are folks who
   believe that baptism should be done with a formula mentioning only
   Jesus, rather than Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.  This may have
   doctrinal implications, but as far as I know it does not mean that
   these folks deny the existence or divinity of the Father.  I'm not the
   right one to describe this theology, and in fact I think there may be
   several, including what would classically be called monophysite or
   Arian (two rather different views), as well as some who have beliefs
   that are probably consistent with Trinitarian standards, but who won't
   use Trinitarian language because they misunderstand it or simply
   because it is not Biblical.  --clh]

Not Biblical?  What then can they make of the end of Matthew?

(28:18)And Jesus came and said to them, "All authority in heaven and on
earth has been given to me. (19)Go therefore and make disciples of all
nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and
of the Holy Spirit, (20) and teaching them to obey everything that I
have commanded to you.  And remember, I am with you always, to the end
of the age." {Other ancient authorities add *Amen*} [NRSV]

The notes give no sense that this is emended.  Do other texts
contradict this regarding Baptism?  Or is a misunderstanding of the
Trinity the most likely explanation after all?

But maybe I simply misunderstand their views.  (Is anyone else out there
forced to read this group with both a good Bible and an unabridged
dictionary??  Christianity really is an education in itself.)

--
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Arrgggghhhh.  When I talked about people who rejected Trinitarian
language as unBiblical, I was speaking of Trinitarian theology, things
like "one essense and three persons".  Obviously the three-fold
baptismal formula is Biblical, as you point out.  (I normally use the
term "three-fold" in referring to Mat.  While it is certainly
consistent with belief in the Trinity, the Trinity is a doctrine whose
full formulation occurred in the 4th and 5th Cent's.  It's unlikely
that Mat. had in mind the fully-developed Trinitarian doctrine.
Indeed the three-fold baptismal formula is used by some groups that do
not believe in the Trinity.)  The disagreement over baptismal formulae
occurs because of passages such as Acts 2:38, which command baptism in
the name of Jesus.  (There are a couple of other passages in Acts as
well.)  This leaves us with sort of a problem: we're commanded in Mat.
to baptize in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit,
and in Acts to baptize in the name of Jesus.

"Jesus only" groups baptize in the name of Jesus.  They consider this
consistent with Mat 28:18, because they say that Jesus is the name of
the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.  I'm not the right one to
ask to explain what this means.  I will simply say that it does not
appear to be normal Trinitarian theology.  (It is also an odd way of
dealing with the idiomatic phrase "in the name of".)

Those who use the three-fold formula don't seem to have a standard
answer to the passages talking about baptizing in the name of Jesus.
I suspect that the most common explanation is to say that "in the name
of" need not be a verbal formula.  To say that you baptize in the name
of Jesus may simply mean that you are doing baptism under Jesus'
authority.  In the 1st Cent. context, it contrasts Christian baptism
with the baptism of John or other Jewish baptism.  Of course there's a
certain parallelism between these passages.  That suggests that we
could just as well say that Mat 28:18 doesn't require the specific
three-fold formula to be used in baptism, but simply characterizes
baptism done by those who follow the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.

One might well suspect that in the early church, more than one
baptismal formula was used.  So long as we consider following Jesus to
be the same as following the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, no great
damage would be done by such a difference.  This does *not* mean that
I think we should go back to using both formulae.  Baptism is one of
the few things that almost all Christian groups now recognize
mutually, so I do not think doing something to upset that would be in
the interests of the Gospel.  This is reinforced by the fact that
those groups that actually use "in the name of Jesus" now do seem to
have in mind a difference in doctrine.  But as I've said before, I'm
not the one to explain what their doctrine is.

 There was an article on clari.news.religion in the last few days about a
Polish tribunal decision. It said that crucifixes and religious classes in
public schools were okay; and that children who did not want to take religion
class could not be forced to take an ethics class as a substitute.
Well,

42 is 101010 binary, and who would forget that its the
answer to the Question of "Life, the Universe, and Everything else."
That is to quote Douglas Adams in a round about way.

Of course the Question has not yet been discovered...

--
Mark A. Cartwright, N5SNP
University of Texas @ Austin
Computation Center, Graphics Facility
markc@emx.utexas.edu
markc@sirius.cc.utexas.edu
markc@hermes.chpc.utexas.edu
(512)-471-3241 x 362

PP-ASEL 9-92

What kind of polygons?  Shaded?  Texturemapped?  Hm?  More comes into play with
fast routines than just "polygons".  It would be nice to know exaclty what
system (VGA is a start, but what processor?) and a few of the specifics of the
implementation.  You need to give  more info if you want to get any answers! :P

                                  - Ian Romanick
                                    Dancing Fool of Epsilon
Posted to the Internet by wmiler@nyx.cs.du.edu
 
000062David42      041493003715
 
             The Lunar Tele-operation Model One (LTM1)
             =========================================
                        By David H. Mitchell
                          March 23, 1993
 
INTRODUCTION:
 
In order to increase public interest in space-based and lunar operations, a
real miniature lunar-like environment is being constructed on which to test
tele-operated models. These models are remotely-controlled by individuals
located world-wide using their personal computers, for EduTainment
purposes.
Not only does this provide a test-bed for simple tele-operation and
tele-presence activities but it also provides for the sharing of
information
on methods of operating in space, including, but not limited to, layout of
a
lunar colony, tele-operating machines for work and play, disseminating
educational information, providing contests and awards for creativity and
achievement and provides a new way for students worldwide to participate in
Twenty-First century remote learning methods.
 
Because of the nature of the LTM1 project, people of all ages, interests
and
skills can contribute scenery and murals, models and structures,
interfacing
and electronics, software and graphics. In operation LTM1 is an evolving
playground and laboratory that can be used by children, students and
professionals worldwide. Using a personal computer at home or a terminal at
a participating institution a user is able to tele-operate real models at
the
LTM1 base for experimental or recreational purposes. Because a real
facility
exists, ample opportunity is provided for media coverage of the
construction
of the lunar model, its operation and new features to be added as suggested
by the users themselves.
 
This has broad inherent interest for a wide range of groups:
 - tele-operations and virtual reality research
 - radio control, model railroad and ham radio operation
 - astronomy and space planetariums and science centers
 - art and theater
 - bbs and online network users
 - software and game developers
 - manufacturers and retailers of model rockets, cars and trains
 - children
 - the child in all of us
 
LTM1 OVERALL DESIGN:
 
A room 14 feet by 8 feet contains the base lunar layout. The walls are used
for murals of distant moon mountains, star fields and a view of the earth.
The "floor" is the simulated lunar surface. A global call for contributions
is hereby made for material for the lunar surface, and for the design and
creation of scale models of lunar colony elements, scenery, and
machine-lets.
 
 The LTM1 initial design has 3 tele-operated machinelets:
 1. An SSTO scale model which will be able to lift off, hover and land;
 2. A bulldozerlet which will be able to move about in a quarry area; and
 3. A moon-train which will traverse most of the simulated lunar surface.
 
 Each machinelet has a small TV camera utilizing a CCD TV chip mounted on
 it. A personal computer digitizes the image (including reducing picture
 content and doing data-compression to allow for minimal images to be sent
 to the operator for control purposes) and also return control signals.
 
The first machinelet to be set up will be the moon-train since model trains
with TV cameras built in are almost off-the-shelf items and control
electronics for starting and stopping a train are minimal. The user will
receive an image once every 1 to 4 seconds depending on the speed of their
data link to LTM1.
 
Next, an SSTO scale model with a CCD TV chip will be suspended from a
servo-motor operated wire frame mounted on the ceiling allowing for the
SSTO
to be controlled by the operator to take off, hover over the entire lunar
landscape and land.
 
Finally, some tank models will be modified to be CCD TV chip equipped
bulldozerlets. The entire initial LTM1 will allow remote operators
worldwide
to receive minimal images while actually operating models for landing and
takeoff, traveling and doing work. The entire system is based on
commercially
available items and parts that can be easily obtained except for the
interface electronics which is well within the capability of many advanced
ham radio operator and computer hardware/software developers.
 
By taking a graphically oriented communications program (Dmodem) and adding
a tele-operations screen and controls, the necessary user interface can be
provided in under 80 man hours.
 
PLAN OF ACTION:
 
The Diaspar Virtual Reality Network has agreed to sponsor this project by
providing a host computer network and Internet access to that network.
Diaspar is providing the 14 foot by 8 foot facility for actual construction
of the lunar model. Diaspar has, in stock, the electronic tanks that can be
modified and one CCD TV chip. Diaspar also agrees to provide "rail stock"
for the lunar train model. Diaspar will make available the Dmodem graphical
communications package and modify it for control of the machines-lets.
An initial "ground breaking" with miniature shovels will be performed for
a live photo-session and news conference on April 30, 1993. The initial
models will be put in place. A time-lapse record will be started for
historical purposes. It is not expected that this event will be completely
serious or solemn. The lunar colony will be declared open for additional
building, operations and experiments. A photographer will be present and
the photographs taken will be converted to .gif images for distribution
world-wide to major online networks and bbs's. A press release will be
issued
calling for contributions of ideas, time, talent, materials and scale
models
for the simulated lunar colony.
 
A contest for new designs and techniques for working on the moon will then
be
announced. Universities will be invited to participate, the goal being to
find instructors who wish to have class participation in various aspects of
the lunar colony model. Field trips to LTM1 can be arranged and at that
time
the results of the class work will be added to the model. Contributors will
then be able to tele-operate any contributed machine-lets once they return
to
their campus.
 
A monthly LTM1 newsletter will be issued both electronically online and via
conventional means to the media. Any major new tele-operated equipment
addition will be marked with an invitation to the television news media.
Having a large, real model space colony will be a very attractive photo
opportunity for the television community. Especially since the "action"
will
be controlled by people all over the world. Science fiction writers will be
invited to issue "challenges" to engineering and human factors students at
universities to build and operate the tele-operated equipment to perform
lunar tasks. Using counter-weight and pulley systems, 1/6 gravity may be
simulated to some extent to try various traction challenges.
 
The long term goal is creating world-wide interest, education,
experimentation
and remote operation of a lunar colony. LTM1 has the potential of being a
long
term global EduTainment method for space activities and may be the generic
example of how to teach and explore in many other subject areas not limited
to space EduTainment. All of this facilitates the kind of spirit which can
lead to a generation of people who are ready for the leap to the stars!
 
CONCLUSION:
 
EduTainment is the blending of education and entertainment. Anyone who has
ever enjoyed seeing miniatures will probably see the potential impact of a
globally available layout for recreation, education and experimentation
purposes. By creating a tele-operated model lunar colony we not only create
world-wide publicity, but also a method of trying new ideas that require
real
(not virtual) skills and open a new method for putting people's minds in
space.
 
 
MOONLIGHTERS:
 
"Illuminating the path of knowledge about space and lunar development."
The following people are already engaged in various parts of this work:
David42, Rob47, Dash, Hyson, Jzer0, Vril, Wyatt, The Dark One, Tiggertoo,
The Mad Hatter, Sir Robin, Jogden.
 
Come join the discussion any Friday night from 10:30 to midnight PST in
 
Diaspar Virtual Reality Network. Ideas welcome!
 
Internet telnet to: 192.215.11.1 or diaspar.com
 
(voice)  714-376-1776
(2400bd) 714-376-1200
(9600bd) 714-376-1234


And I think we ought to hold Christ accoountable for all of his followers 
who died at the hand of the Romans also. It was their own fault for believing.

God, this society reminds me more of the Roman Empire every day; I guess
I'll just log off and go watch American Gladiators.



John 12:24-26: "Most assuredly, I say to you, unless a grain of wheat
falls onto the ground and dies, it remains alone; but if it dies, it
produces much grain.
  "He who loves his life will lose it, and he who hates his life in
this world will keep it for eternal life.
  "If anyone serves Me, let him follow Me; and where I am, there My
servant will be also.  If anyone serves Me, him My Father will honor."

Why would I want an eternal life if I hate this one?

If we were created by a deity, why would that deity not wish us to
enjoy what he has given us?

Why would I want to live forever?  The challenge in my life is that I
will die, and that I must give my life the meaning I wish it to have
before that happens.  My time is here and will someday pass; I will be
content to live on in the memories of my friends, and once they too
are dead, then I will no longer have any reason to exist.

In short: even if your deity *does* exist, that doesn't automatically
mean that I would worship it.  I am content to live my own life, and
fend for myself, so when I die, I can be proud of the fact that no
matter where I end up, it will be because of *my* actions and *my* choices.

If your god decides to toss me into a flaming pit for this, then so be
it.  I would much rather just cease to exist.  But if your god wants
my respect and my obedience, then it had better earn these; and if it
does, then they will be very strong and true.


Jesus wasn't the only one who rose from the dead -- I think it was
Osiris who did the same, as well as a few characters from Greek or
Norse legend, if memory serves.

But still: WHY would I want to rise from the dead?  Why do *you* want to?


If your god wants to win my devotion, then it knows what it can do --
provide some way for me to believe without having to resort to blind
faith that could be applied equally well to any religion.


That's precisely it.  I neither see nor know Zeus either, nor Odin.
Shall I offer them the same devotion I offer Jesus?


You've got to understand my point-of-view: I see Christians spouting
Bible verse all the time as if it were some sort of magic spell that
will level all opposition.  Truth is, it's not.  Robert has never
demonstrated that he actually understands what the verses imply; he
just rattles them off day by day.  Some brazenly fly in the face of
common sense and reality, and I point these out where I can.

But even more than that, even when Christians *do* try to explain the
verses in their own words, they do so from a Christian point of view,
which is that every human being would want to be a Christian if only
he or she understood the Christian message properly, and then all
strife and suffering on the earth would end.  Here's the problem with
that: substitute "Moslem" or "Buddhist" or "Satanist" instead of
"Christian", and it means the same thing.

Christanity is a very nice belief set around a very nice book.  But if
you want to make me believe that it has any bearing on the REAL WORLD,
you've got some convincing to do.


And in my opinion, you're bumbling about blindly making up entities
where there aren't any, and depriving yourself of a true understanding
and enjoyment of your life.  As long as you keep your beliefs to
yourself, I'll keep my beliefs to myself -- but as soon as you start
waving them around, expect me to toss in my opinions, too.
Some time ago I sent the following message:
   Every once in a while I design an orbital space colony.  I'm gearing up to
   do another one.  I'd some info from you. If you were to move
   onto a space colony to live permanently, how big would the colony have
   to be for you to view a permanent move as desirable?  Specifically,

   How many people do you want to share the colony with?
 

   What physical dimensions does the living are need to have?  


   Assume 1g living (the colony will rotate).  Assume that you can leave
   from time to time for vacations and business trips.  If you're young
   enough, assume that you'll raise your children there.

I didn't get a lot of responses, and they were all over the block.
Thanx muchly to all those who responded, it is good food for thought.




Here's the (edited) responses I got:


   How many people do you want to share the colony with?
 
100

   What physical dimensions does the living are need to have?  

Cylinder 200m diameter x 1 km long

Rui Sousa
ruca@saber-si.pt

=============================================================================


100,000 - 250,000


100 square kms surface, divided into city, towns, villages and
countryside.  Must have lakes, rivers amd mountains.

=============================================================================

1000.  1000 people really isn't that large a number;
everyone will know everyone else within the space of a year, and will probably
be sick of everyone else within another year.


Hm.  I am not all that great at figuring it out.  But I would maximize the
percentage of colony-space that is accessible to humans.  Esecially if there
were to be children, since they will figure out how to go everywhere anyways.
And everyone, especially me, likes to "go exploring"...I would want to be able
to go for a walk and see something different each time...

=============================================================================

For population, I think I would want a substantial town -- big enough
to have strangers in it.  This helps get away from the small-town
"everybody knows everything" syndrome, which some people like but
I don't.  Call it several thousand people.

For physical dimensions, a somewhat similar criterion:  big enough
to contain surprises, at least until you spent considerable time
getting to know it.  As a more specific rule of thumb, big enough
for there to be places at least an hour away on foot.  Call that
5km, which means a 10km circumference if we're talking a sphere.

                                         Henry Spencer at U of Toronto Zoology
                                          henry@zoo.toronto.edu   utzoo!henry

=============================================================================
My desires, for permanent move to a space colony, assuming easy communication
and travel:

Size:  About a small-town size, say 9 sq. km.  'Course, bigger is better :-)
Population:  about 100/sq km or less.  So, ~1000 for 9sqkm.  Less is
better for elbow room, more for interest and sanity, so say max 3000, min 300.

-Tommy Mac
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tom McWilliams | 517-355-2178 (work) \\     Inhale to the Chief!
18084tm@ibm.cl.msu.edu  | 336-9591 (hm)\\  Zonker Harris in 1996!
Joint Press release ESA/UN No 18-93
Paris, 19 April 1993

UN/ESA joint training course on satellite applications
to be held in Italy, 19-30 April

The United Nations and the European Space Agency (ESA)
are jointly organising a training course on the applications of
satellite data gathered by the European Remote Sensing
Satellite (ERS-1), to be held in Frascati, Italy, from 19 to 30
April. The training course will discuss the applications of
satellite data concerning natural resources, renewable energy
and the environment.

The training course, organised for the benefit of francophone
African experts, will be hosted by ESRIN, the European Space
Agency's establishment in Frascati, which is responsible for
coordination with the users of data from ESA's remote sensing
satellite. Twenty-four experts in the field of remote sensing,
selected from 19 francophone countries from northern, western
and central Africa, and three regional African centres, will
attend the two-week session. The course will focus on remote
sensing techniques and data applications, particularly ERS-1
data.

The ERS-1 satellite, developed by ESA and launched in 1991
with the European Ariane launcher, carries an advanced radar
instrument and is the first in a series of radar remote sensing
missions that will ensure availability of data beyond the year
2000. The aim of the training course is to increase the
potential of experts using the practical applications of radar
remote sensing systems to natural resources, renewable energy
and the environment, with particular emphasis on applications
to geology and mineral prospecting, oceanography and near-
coastal areas, agriculture, forestry and meteorology.

The education and practical training programme was
developed jointly by the United Nations and ESA. The
facilities and the technical support, as well as lecturers and
information documents for the training course, will be
provided by the Agency. Lecturers at the training course will
include high-level experts from other European and African
organisations active in remote sensing applications. Funds for
the training course are being provided by the United Nations



Trust Fund for New and Renewable Sources of Energy; the
primary contributor to that Fund is the Government of Italy.
From time to time I have made reference to a book called "The Two Babylons"
which is a book written by Alexander Hislop (mid 1800's) about the Babylonian
mystery religion and its flight through history.  I was unable to put it down
the first time I read it, but others have found it dry.  It has numberable
references and illustrations.  If you are interested in purchasing your own
copy, you can call Moody Book Store @ (312)329-4352 and order it for $16.99 and
they will ship it to you.   
  It is a good book just to get the reference titles for your own digs into the
mystery religions.  I have found it invaluable for that purpose alone.  But for
those who only want to skim the subject, it comes highly recommended.  
  Just a note to my RC brothers and sisters.  You may find this to be a
diatribe or you may find it to be a test to the origin and true nature of the
origin of RCism.  If you are offended by anything that asks hard questions
about your denomination (as to whether or not it is "Christian") then perhaps
you should just passover this offer.  To those who are a little more
adventurous, go for it and later, please contact me with you reasons pro or con
on the scholorship of this book.  I really would be interested.
 (excerpts from posting on this topic) 


(I've seen satellites at midnight - they're not only in twilight.) :o) 


Now my comments: 

I'd like to add that some of the "protests" do not come from a strictly 
practical consideration of what pollution levels are acceptable for 
research activities by professional astronomers.  Some of what I 
would complain about is rooted in aesthetics.  Many readers may 
never have known a time where the heavens were pristine - sacred - 
unsullied by the actions of humans.  The space between the stars 
as profoundly black as an abyss can be.  With full horizons and 
a pure sky one could look out upon half of all creation at a time 
- none of which had any connection with the petty matters of man. 
Any lights were supplied solely by nature; uncorruptable by men.  
Whole religions were based on mortal man somehow getting up there 
and becoming immortal as the stars, whether by apotheosis or a belief 
in an afterlife.  

The Space Age changed all that.  The effect of the first Sputniks 
and Echo, etc. on this view could only happen once.  To see a light 
crossing the night sky and know it was put there by us puny people 
is still impressive and the sense of size one gets by assimilating 
the scales involved is also awesome - even if the few hundreds or 
thousands of miles involved is still dwarfed by the rest of the universe.  
But there is still a hunger for the pure beauty of a virgin sky. 

Yes, I know aircraft are almost always in sight.  I have to live 
in a very populated area (6 miles from an international airport 
currently) where light pollution on the ground is ghastly.  The 
impact of humans is so extreme here - virtually no place exists 
that has not been shaped, sculpted, modified, trashed or whipped 
into shape by the hands of man.  In some places the only life 
forms larger than bacteria are humans, cockroaches, and squirrels 
(or rats).  I visited some friends up in the Appalacian mountains 
one weekend, "getting away from it all" (paved roads, indoor plumbing, 
malls, ...) and it felt good for a while - then I quickly noticed 
the hollow was directly under the main flight path into Dulles - 60-80 
miles to the east.  (Their 'security light' didn't help matters 
much either.)  But I've heard the artic wilderness gets lots of 
high air traffic.  So I know the skies are rarely perfect. 

But there is still this desire to see a place that man hasn't 
fouled in some way.  (I mean they've been TRYING this forever - 
like, concerning Tesla's idea to banish night, - wow!)  I don't watch 
commercial television, but I can imagine just how disgusting beer, 
truck, or hemmorrhoid ointment advertisements would be if seen up so high.  
If ya' gotta make a buck on it (displaying products in heaven), at 
least consider the reactions from those for whom the sky is a last
beautiful refuge from the baseness of modern life.  

To be open about this though, I have here my listing of the passage 
of HST in the evening sky for this weekend - tonight Friday at 
8:25 p.m. EDT it will reach an altitude of 20.1 degrees on the 
local meridian from Baltimore vicinity.  I'll be trying to see it 
if I can - it _is_ my mealticket after all.  So I suppose I could 
be called an elitist for supporting this intrusion on the night sky 
while complaining about billboards proposed by others.  Be that 
as it may, I think my point about a desire for beauty is valid, 
even if it can't ever be perfectly achieved. 

I believe the reason is that the lung diaphram gets too tired to pump
the liquid in and out and simply stops breathing after 2-3 minutes.
So if your in the vehicle ready to go they better not put you on 
hold, or else!! That's about it. Remember a liquid is several more times
as dense as a gas by its very nature. ~10 I think, depending on the gas
and liquid comparision of course!
Forwarded from Neal Ausman, Galileo Mission Director

                                 GALILEO
                     MISSION DIRECTOR STATUS REPORT
                               POST-LAUNCH
                           April 16 - 22, 1993


SPACECRAFT

1.  On April 19, cruise science Memory Readouts (MROs) were performed for the
Extreme Ultraviolet Spectrometer (EUV), Dust Detector (DDS), and Magnetometer
(MAG) instruments.  Preliminary analysis indicates the data was received
properly.

2.  On April 19, a Command Detector Unit Signal-to-Noise Ratio (CDUSNR) test
and a Radio Frequency Subsystem Automatic Gain Control (RFSAGC) test were
performed using the LGA-1 (Low Gain Antenna #1) over DSS-63 (Madrid 70 meter
antenna) and DSS-61 (Madrid 34 meter antenna), respectively.  Data analysis
is in process.  These tests are periodically performed to provide detailed
information relative to the telecom command hardware integrity.

3.  On April 19, a NO-OP command was sent to reset the command loss timer to
264 hours, its planned value during this mission phase.

4.  On April 21, the first of two suppressed carrier/DSN (Deep Space Network)
advanced receiver characterization tests was performed over DSS-14 (Goldstone
70 meter antenna).  The spacecraft modulation index was varied from 43 degrees
to 90 degrees for a range of ground receiver bandwidth settings.

5.  The AC bus imbalance measurement has not exhibited significant change
(greater than 25 DN) throughout this period but the DC bus imbalance
measurement has.  The AC measurement reads 20 DN (4.5 volts).  The DC
measurement has ranged from 43 DN (4.6 volts) to 138 DN (16.2 volts) and
currently reads 138 DN (16.2 volts).  These measurements are consistent with
the model developed by the AC/DC special anomaly team.

6.  The Spacecraft status as of April 22, 1993, is as follows:

       a)  System Power Margin -  68 watts
       b)  Spin Configuration - Dual-Spin
       c)  Spin Rate/Sensor - 3.15rpm/Star Scanner
       d)  Spacecraft Attitude is approximately 21 degrees
           off-sun (lagging) and 5 degrees off-earth (leading)
       e)  Downlink telemetry rate/antenna- 40bps(coded)/LGA-1
       f)  General Thermal Control - all temperatures within
           acceptable range
       g)  RPM Tank Pressures - all within acceptable range
       h)  Orbiter Science- Instruments powered on are the PWS,
           EUV, UVS, EPD, MAG, HIC, and DDS
       i)  Probe/RRH - powered off, temperatures within
           acceptable range
       j)  CMD Loss Timer Setting - 264 hours
           Time To Initiation - 184 hours


TRAJECTORY

     As of noon Thursday, April 22, 1993, the Galileo Spacecraft trajectory
status was as follows:

	Distance from Earth         169,747,800 km (1.14 AU)
	Distance from Sun           286,967,900 km (1.92 AU)
	Heliocentric Speed          91,200 km per hour
	Distance from Jupiter       532,735,900 km
	Round Trip Light Time       18 minutes, 58 seconds


SPECIAL TOPIC
Hi !

If you want to have Soft-Scrolling on your VGA, you have to change some 
intern registers of the CRTC. But it is a little bit difficult to explain, 
so I would suggest, you take a look at "The Programming of the 
EGA/VGA-Adapter" by Addison-Wesley. You will find all useful descriptions 
for every available VGA-Register.

-Boris

[deletia- sig]

[deletia- formalities]

I probably should let this pass, it's not worth the time, and it's not
really intended for me. But I couldn't resist. A personal weakness of mine.
Jerkius Kneeus. Tragically incurable.


Not so; I can prove that the existance of God is disputable
by showing that people dispute it; This is easy: I dispute that
God exists. Simple.

I missed your "Traditional Proofs" treatise, but the proofs I remember
from the Summa Theologic (the 5 ways I think it was) were rather poor
stuff. The Ontological argument is about a billion times better, imho.

I would think you'd want non-traditional proofs, considering the general
failure of the traditional proofs: at least the ones I know of.
(I am thinking of the Ontological Argument, the Cosmological Argument and
the Teleological argument. Those are the ones traditional enough to
have funny names, anyway.)


This is the real question. So to discuss it, I'll assume God exists.
Otherwise, there is no heavenly authority to babble about.


Please show this is the case. I am familiar with the First Cause
argument, and I'll accept (for the sake of argument) that there
is a First Cause, even though I find some of its premices
questionable. The rest you'll have to show. This includes
that the First Cause is God.


Got it. I deny that God is all good. So there.


This isn't self-consistent: if humans must renew the relationship,
then God (incarnate or not) can't do it. Well, unless you think God is
human. Granted, God made himself 'human', but this is nonetheless cheating:
The intent of the statement is clearly that man has to fix the problem
he caused. God fixing it- even by indirect means- contradicts this.


Why?

Also, why assume said claim is true anyway?

If *I* claim to be Truth, are you bound by reason to follow me?


:)

Undoubtably. Do you mean to imply we should all obey the commands of the
Marines without question? You seem to imply this about God, and
that the Marines are similar in this respect.. If this is not what
you are trying to say, they please explain what it is you are saying,
as I have missed it.


Why? Why not question it? Even if it *is* truth, we cannot know this
certainly, so why is it so irrational to question? Perhaps we will
thus discover that we were wrong.

You assert that God is Truth and we can't question Truth. But
I assert that God is not Truth and anyway we can question Truth.
How is it my assertion is less good than yours?


Oh?

I hereby deny 1+1=2.

I hope you'll agree 1+1=2 is the truth.

Granted, I look pretty damn silly saying something like that,
but I needed something we'd both agree was clearly true.

Now, you'll notice no stormtroopers have marched in to drag
me off to the gulag. No heaven lighting bolts either. No mysterious
net outages. I seem to be permited to say such things, absurd or not.


They are certainly not true. At least, the ones Newton derived are
not true, and are indeed wildly inaccurate at high speeds or small
distances. We do not have a set of Laws of Physics that always
works in all cases. If we did, Physics would be over already.

Science is all about Questioning this sort of truth. If we didn't,
we'd still follow Aristotle. I'd generalize this a little more:
If you want to learn anything new, you MUST question the things
you Know (tm). Because you can always be wrong.


Even presupposing that Truth may not be Denied, and may
not be Questioned, and that God is Truth, it only follows
that God may not be Denied or Questioned. NOT that he must
be obeyed!

We could unquestioningly DISobey him. How annoying of us.
But you have not connected denial with disobedience.

---
			- Dan "No Nickname" Johnson
And God said "Jeeze, this is dull"... and it *WAS* dull. Genesis 0:0


THANKS!  It did work, and it is just what I needed thanks...
I'm greatly in need of Jurgen
Moltmann's book God in Creation:
An Ecological Doctrine of Creation.

If you have a copy you're willing to
part with, I'd love to hear from you
soon.  You may call me at 312-702-
8367 or e-mail me.

Thanks.
In 12-step programs (like Alcoholics Anonymous), one of the steps
involves acknowleding a "higher power".  AA and other 12-step abuse-
recovery programs are acknowledged as being among the most effective.

Unfortunately, as evidence for God, this can be dismissed by stating
that the same defect of personality makes substance abusers as makes 
people 'religious', and the debunker could perhaps acknowledge that
being religious is a better crutch than being a drug addict, but
still maintain that both are escapism.  (And I suspect that there
are some atheists who would find the substance abuse preferable to
Christianity.)

I think that an essential problem with communication between Christ-
ians and atheists is that as Christians we necessarily see ourselves
as incomplete, and needing God (the 'God-shaped hole'), while atheists
necessarily see themselves as self-sufficient.  If the atheists are
right, Christians are guilty of being morally weak, and too cowardly
to stand up for themselves; if the Christians are right, the atheists
are guilty of considerable arrogance.  (I use the term atheist to
refer to a person who has a definite conviction that there is no God,
as opposed to one who does not know and/or does not care about God.)
==
Seanna Watson   Bell-Northern Research,       | Pray that at the end of living,
(seanna@bnr.ca) Ottawa, Ontario, Canada       | Of philosophies and creeds,
                                              | God will find his people busy
Opinion, what opinions? Oh *these* opinions.  | Planting trees and sowing seeds.
No, they're not BNR's, they're mine.          |
I knew I'd left them somewhere.               |  --Fred Kaan
COMET (Commercial Experiment Transport) is to launch from Wallops Island
Virginia and orbit Earth for about 30 days. It is scheduled to come down
in the Utah Test & Training Range, west of Salt Lake City, Utah. I saw
a message in this group toward the end of March that it was to launch 
on March 27. Does anyone know if it launched on that day, or if not, 
when it is scheduled to launch and/or when it will come down.

I would also be interested in what kind(s) of payload(s) are onboard.

Thanks for your help.

I haven't followed whatever discussion there may have been on these
people, but I feel that C. S. Lewis is an excellent apologist and I
see no reason for embarrassment.  If you think that errors and flawed
arguments are a reason for dismissing a thinker, you must dismiss
nearly every thinker from Descartes to Kant; any philosophy course
will introduce you to their weaknesses.  
 
  The above also expresses a rather odd sense

I said nothing about "the masses."  However comparing "the masses" in
our day and in Aquinas' day really *is* odd.  Read Ortega y Gasset on
this.

I'm talking about the familiar experience of arguing all night and
winning on logic and evidence, only to discover your opponent to be
unaware, even intuitively, of things like entailment (let alone
pragmatics).  (I am assuming that both parties are college graduates
or better...)  Myself, I don't bother any more.

Ken

	I originally wrote to the person who asked this question
personally, but decided to post the information I had on the topic.

	I spoke to the pastor of my parish (Catholic) recently, 
by coincidence, on this subject.  His explaination was that 
while it is possible for a couple to marry without the presence
of a priest, it is important to have it recognized by the 
Church as soon as it is possible.  Because the Church 
recoginizes itself as a community of believers, members
of the church, to some degree, are to be held accountable
to each other.  To be less hypothetical than that mythical
couple on the desert island, there are many places in the
world that do not have priests availible for marriages
on a regular basis.  Therefore, couples get married without
the priest being present, but get the priest to testify to
their marriage when one comes through the area.  

	I remember a religion teacher in high school saying
that the marriage ceremony is not for the benefit of the couple
as much as it is for the benefit of the community.  Thus,
married couples have some responsibility to the community
to stay married, as divorce sets a bad example for the
community.  Also, the couple has vowed to become one with
one another--the community should be able to rely on that 
couple to be as one.

	While couples may marry without witnesses, they 
may NOT get anulments without a priest present.  An 
anulment is simply an admission of the church that what
they had declared a marriage was not, in fact, a marriage
at all, for whatever reason.  So don't start getting married
in the back seat of a station wagon and giving yourselves
anulments a half-hour later!!

	I tend to agree with the response back there that
said couples become married as soon as they consumate their
marriage, but I would add that couples should consider their
marriage consumated if they have sex, whether or not they
intended to be married, assuming they were both willing
partners to the sexual act.  The couple must be prepared
to raise any children they may have as a result of that
sexual act with the benefit of both parents.  Sex IS a
commitment, I believe, in God's eyes.

	But I'm digressing....

			God be with you,
Library of Congress to Host Dead Sea Scroll Symposium April 21-22
 To: National and Assignment desks, Daybook Editor
 Contact: John Sullivan, 202-707-9216, or Lucy Suddreth, 202-707-9191
          both of the Library of Congress

   WASHINGTON, April 19  -- A symposium on the Dead Sea 
Scrolls will be held at the Library of Congress on Wednesday,
April 21, and Thursday, April 22.  The two-day program, cosponsored
by the library and Baltimore Hebrew University, with additional
support from the Project Judaica Foundation, will be held in the
library's Mumford Room, sixth floor, Madison Building.
   Seating is limited, and admission to any session of the symposium
must be requested in writing (see Note A).
   The symposium will be held one week before the public opening of a
major exhibition, "Scrolls from the Dead Sea: The Ancient Library of
Qumran and Modern Scholarship," that opens at the Library of Congress
on April 29.  On view will be fragmentary scrolls and archaeological
artifacts excavated at Qumran, on loan from the Israel Antiquities
Authority.  Approximately 50 items from Library of Congress special
collections will augment these materials.  The exhibition, on view in
the Madison Gallery, through Aug. 1, is made possible by a generous
gift from the Project Judaica Foundation of Washington, D.C.
   The Dead Sea Scrolls have been the focus of public and scholarly
interest since 1947, when they were discovered in the desert 13 miles
east of Jerusalem.  The symposium will explore the origin and meaning
of the scrolls and current scholarship.  Scholars from diverse
academic backgrounds and religious affiliations, will offer their
disparate views, ensuring a lively discussion.
   The symposium schedule includes opening remarks on April 21, at
2 p.m., by Librarian of Congress James H. Billington, and by
Dr. Norma Furst, president, Baltimore Hebrew University.  Co-chairing
the symposium are Joseph Baumgarten, professor of Rabbinic Literature
and Institutions, Baltimore Hebrew University and Michael Grunberger,
head, Hebraic Section, Library of Congress.
   Geza Vermes, professor emeritus of Jewish studies, Oxford
University, will give the keynote address on the current state of
scroll research, focusing on where we stand today. On the second
day, the closing address will be given by Shmaryahu Talmon, who will
propose a research agenda, picking up the theme of how the Qumran
studies might proceed.
   On Wednesday, April 21, other speakers will include:

   -- Eugene Ulrich, professor of Hebrew Scriptures, University of
Notre Dame and chief editor, Biblical Scrolls from Qumran, on "The
Bible at Qumran;"
   -- Michael Stone, National Endowment for the Humanities
distinguished visiting professor of religious studies, University of
Richmond, on "The Dead Sea Scrolls and the Pseudepigrapha."
   -- From 5 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. a special preview of the exhibition
will be given to symposium participants and guests.

   On Thursday, April 22, beginning at 9 a.m., speakers will include:

   -- Magen Broshi, curator, shrine of the Book, Israel Museum,
Jerusalem, on "Qumran: The Archaeological Evidence;"
   -- P. Kyle McCarter, Albright professor of Biblical and ancient
near Eastern studies, The Johns Hopkins University, on "The Copper
Scroll;"
   -- Lawrence H. Schiffman, professor of Hebrew and Judaic studies,
New York University, on "The Dead Sea Scrolls and the History of
Judaism;" and
   -- James VanderKam, professor of theology, University of Notre
Dame, on "Messianism in the Scrolls and in Early Christianity."

   The Thursday afternoon sessions, at 1:30 p.m., include:

   -- Devorah Dimant, associate professor of Bible and Ancient Jewish
Thought, University of Haifa, on "Qumran Manuscripts: Library of a
Jewish Community;"
   -- Norman Golb, Rosenberger professor of Jewish history and
civilization, Oriental Institute, University of Chicago, on "The
Current Status of the Jerusalem Origin of the Scrolls;"
   -- Shmaryahu Talmon, J.L. Magnas professor emeritus of Biblical
studies, Hebrew University, Jerusalem, on "The Essential 'Commune of
the Renewed Covenant': How Should Qumran Studies Proceed?" will close
the symposium.

   There will be ample time for question and answer periods at the
end of each session.

   Also on Wednesday, April 21, at 11 a.m.:
   The Library of Congress and The Israel Antiquities Authority
will hold a lecture by Esther Boyd-Alkalay, consulting conservator,
Israel Antiquities Authority, on "Preserving the Dead Sea Scrolls"
in the Mumford Room, LM-649, James Madison Memorial Building, The
Library of Congress, 101 Independence Ave., S.E., Washington, D.C.
    ------
   NOTE A: For more information about admission to the symposium,
please contact, in writing, Dr. Michael Grunberger, head, Hebraic
Section, African and Middle Eastern Division, Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C. 20540.
 -30-

Since the DC-X is to take off horizontal, why not land that way??
Why do the Martian Landing thing..  Or am I missing something.. Don't know to
much about DC-X and such.. (overly obvious?).

Why not just fall to earth like the russian crafts?? Parachute in then...

==
Michael Adams, nsmca@acad3.alaska.edu -- I'm not high, just jacked
In <19APR199320262420@kelvin.jpl.nasa.gov> baalke@kelvin.jpl.nasa.gov 

Sorry I think I missed a bit of info on this Transition Experiment. What is it?

Will this mean a loss of data or will the Magellan transmit data later on ??

BTW: When will NASA cut off the connection with Magellan?? Not that I am
looking forward to that day but I am just curious. I believe it had something
to do with the funding from the goverment (or rather _NO_ funding :-)

ok that's it for now. See you guys around,
Jurriaan.
 

   From: "Phil G. Fraering" <pgf@srl03.cacs.usl.edu>

   > Finally: this isn't the Bronze Age, [..]
   > please try to remember that there are more human activities than
   > those practiced by the Warrior Caste, the Farming Caste, and the
   > Priesthood.

   Right, the Profiting Caste is blessed by God, and may 
    freely blare its presence in the evening twilight ..

The Priesthood has never quite forgiven
the merchants (aka Profiting Caste [sic])
for their rise to power, has it?

;-)

   As for advertising -- sure, why not?  A NASA friend and I spent one
   drunken night figuring out just exactly how much gold mylar we'd need
   to put the golden arches of a certain American fast food organization
   on the face of the Moon.  Fortunately, we sobered up in the morning.

Hmmm. It actually isn't all that much, is it? Like about 2 million
km^2 (if you think that sounds like a lot, it's only a few tens of m^2
per burger that said organization sold last year). You'd be best off
with a reflective substance that could be sprayed thinly by an
unmanned craft in lunar orbit (or, rather, a large set of such craft).
If you can get a reasonable albedo it would be visible even at new
moon (since the moon itself is quite dark), and _bright_ at full moon.
You might have to abandon the colour, though.

Buy a cheap launch system, design reusable moon -> lunar orbit
unmanned spraying craft, build 50 said craft, establish a lunar base
to extract TiO2 (say: for colour you'd be better off with a sulphur
compound, I suppose) and some sort of propellant, and Bob's your
uncle.  I'll do it for, say, 20 billion dollars (plus changes of
identity for me and all my loved ones). Delivery date 2010.

Can we get the fast-food chain bidding against the fizzy-drink
vendors? Who else might be interested?

Would they buy it, given that it's a _lot_ more expensive, and not
much more impressive, than putting a large set of several-km
inflatable billboards in LEO (or in GEO, visible 24 hours from your
key growth market). I'll do _that_ for only $5bn (and the changes of
identity).


Does that imply that people who take marriage vows but aren't sincere
are not married?

	So, if I were to assert that there are no thousand year old 
invisible pink unicorns* residing in my walls, I need to support this with 
evidence? I think the _lack_ of evidence shall suffice.


	* Who happen to like listening to satanic messages found in playing 
Beethoven's 45th symphony backwards.
---

        "FBI officials said cult leader David Koresh may have 
         forced followers to remain as flames closed in. Koresh's 
         armed guard may have injected as many as 24 children with 
         poison to quiet them."

        -
        
        "And God saw everything he had made, and, behold, in was very 
         good."

   I'm sorry, I thought we were discussing heresy.  I assumed that heresy
meant a departure from orthodoxy, in which case generally accepted belief is
indeed an important issue.  In this case, the definition of the word "create"
is of great importance, since creation is the issue being discussed.


  I should have said "given the Mormon belief."  If you disagree with the
Mormon belief that creation is more a function of organization of eternally
existent substance than one of ex nihilo creation, then that is the important
point.


  Correction: you interpret the Bible to mean something very specific by
such terms.

   It always cracks me up when anti-Mormons presume to tell Mormons what they
believe.  Mormons do, in fact, believe that all people, including Christ and
Lucifer, are children of God in the sense that we were all created (or
organized or whatever) by Him.  We also believe that being "offspring" of
God has a symbolic sense when applied to being spiritually "born again" of
Him.  Thus the same word can be used to convey different meanings.  This is
how language works, Robert, and it's why making someone an offender for a
word is dangerous.


<...>

   On the contrary, Robert, it is not a red herring at all to show that those
who rely wholly on the Bible cannot seem to agree on what it says.  You say
that one must simply "look at the Bible" to see what it teaches, but centuries
of people doing just that have sho0wn that no one is really sure what it says.
Are we to believe that you are the only one who really understands the
scriptures?


  Let me clarify this one more time.  You did not refer to the Mormon belief
that Jesus needed to be saved, but rather to McConkie's belief in same.  We
keep trying to point out to you that Bruce McConkie is not the source of
Mormon doctrine, and you keep ignoring it. (see below)


  On the contrary, Robert, if you are quoting McConkie's words as Mormon
canon then the question of whether they are canon or not is of *great*
importance.  The fact is that they are not.  Whether or not they indicate
general Mormon belief would only be ascertainable by interviewing a large
number of Mormons.
Reply address: mark.prado@permanet.org

If anyone knows anyone else who would like to get sci.space,
but doesn't have an Internet feed (or has a cryptic Internet
feed), I would be willing to feed it to them.  I have a nice
offline message reader/editor, an automated modem "mailer"
program which will pick up mail bundles (quickly and easily),
and an INSTALL.EXE to set them up painlessly.  No charge for
the sci.space feed, though you have to dial Washington, D.C.
This is NOT a BBS -- it's a store & forward system for mail
bundles, with minimum connect times.  (I'm used to overseas
calls.)  (This is not an offer for a free feed for any other
particular newsgroups.)  Speeds of up to 14400 (v32bis) are
supported.  VIP's might be offered other free services, such
as Internet address and other functionality.

I get my feed from UUNET and run a 4-line hub.  I've been
hubbing for years -- I have an extremely reliable hub.

The software I provide runs under MS-DOS (and OS/2 and Windows
as a DOS box).  Other, compatible software packages exist for
the MacIntosh and Unix.

Any responses should be private and go to:  
mark.prado@permanet.org

(By the way, to all, my apologies for the public traffic on my
glib question.  I really didn't expect public replys.  But thanks
to Bill Higgins for the interesting statistics and the lead.)
I can't fiqure this out.  I have properly compiled pov on a unix machine
running SunOS 4.1.3  The problem is that when I run the sample .pov files and
use the EXACT same parameters when compiling different .tga outputs.  Some
of the .tga's are okay, and other's are unrecognizable by any software.


This is ok in my opinion as long as the stuff *returns to earth*.


If this turns out to be true, it's time to get seriously active in
terrorism. This is unbelievable! Who do those people think they are,
selling every bit that promises to make money? I guess we really
deserve being wiped out by uv radiation, folks. "Stupidity wins". I
guess that's true, and if only by pure numbers.

	Another depressed planetary citizen,
	hoover



Hi All

Hope you all had a Blessed Easter. I have a document which I believe
refutes the notion that the SSPX (Society of Saint Pius X) is in
schism, or that there has been any legitimate excommunication. If
anyone is interested in reading the truth about this matter please
email me and I'll send them the document via email. Its 26 pages long,
so I wont be posting it on the news group.

Its titled


    NEITHER SCHISMATIC NOR EXCOMMUNICATED


    This article  was  originally  an  English	translation,  by  the
    Society  of  Saint	Pius  X  in  Ireland, from the French Journal
    'Courrier de Rome'.  The French  article,  in  its	turn,  was  a
    translation  from  the  Italian of the Roman Newsletter 'Si Si No
    No'.

    This booklet contains the transcription, with some minor editing,
    of	the  Irish  article, and was transcribed and produced by John
    Clay, Townsville, Queensland, Australia.

    (There is no copyright attached. Simon Shields)

                        CONTENTS                             

    NEITHER SCHISMATIC NOR EXCOMMUNICATED.......................1
    CATHOLICS ON THE RACK.......................................1
    THE CHOICE OF THE 'SENSUS FIDEI'............................3
    AMBIGUITY...................................................4
    THE CHURCH IS NOT BICEPHALOUS (TWO-HEADED)..................6
    THE PERSON AND THE FUNCTION OF THE POPE.....................6
    UNITY OF FAITH AND UNITY OF COMMUNION.......................8
    THE CRITERIA OF CHOICE.....................................10
    ECUMENISM - AN ATTACK ON THE UNITY OF THE CHURCH...........10
    THE EXTRAORDINARY SITUATION WITHIN THE CHURCH..............11
    EXTRAORDINARY DUTIES OF LAY PEOPLE.........................12
    DUTIES AND POWERS OF BISHOPS...............................14
    FROM THE FACT OF THEIR GREATER DUTIES......................14
    FROM THE FACT OF THEIR GREATER POWER.......................14
    THE POWER AND THE DUTY OF THE PAPACY.......................15
    THE ELECTION OF BISHOPS....................................15
    STATE AND RIGHT OF NECESSITY...............................16
    1. THERE IS IN THE CHURCH A REAL STATE OF NECESSITY........17
    FOR SOULS..................................................18
    FOR SEMINARIANS............................................18
    2. ALL THE ORDINARY MEANS HAVE BEEN EXHAUSTED..............19
    3. THE ACT ITSELF IS NOT INTRINSICALLY EVIL AND THERE RESUL..........21
    4. IN THE LIMITS OF EFFECTIVE REQUIREMENTS.................22
    5. THE AUTHORITY OF THE POPE IS NOT PUT INTO QUESTION......23
    THE EXCOMMUNICATION........................................24
    CONCLUSION.................................................25
    BIBLIOGRAPHY...............................................26-31

God Bless ye all,



An Irish Fairwell

may the road rise to meet you
may the wind be always at your back
may the sun shine warm upon your face, 
the rains fall soft upon your fields,
and until we meet again,
may God hold you in the palm of his hand.




Well, there is a fair amount of evidence floating around that indicates
that OTO has been around since at least the late 1800s, long before
Crowley ever heard of it, how long has AMORC been around? (yes, I know
that they claim to have existed as an organization clear into prehistory,
but I doubt that they have any organizational paperwork
as a non-profit that can be carbon-dated to 20,000 BC)
                                             A.Lizard


You write as if no-one ever became a Christian except people from
Christian families.  This is not true, as quite a few people on this
group can attest (including me). 



I think you are vastly oversimplifying things. We know that early Christians
suffered totures because of their witness to Christ.  For example:

ACT 5:40    His speech persuaded them. They called the apostles in and had
            them flogged. Then they ordered them not to speak in the name of
            Jesus, and let them go.

ACT 5:41    The apostles left the Sanhedrin, rejoicing because they had been
            counted worthy of suffering disgrace for the Name.

It appears that the Jewish rulers of that time had a particular aversion
to even hearing Jesus's name.
ACT 5:28    "We gave you strict orders not to teach in this name," he said.
            "Yet you have filled Jerusalem with your teaching and are
            determined to make us guilty of this man's blood."

Finally, the first apostle's death, James of Zebedee was certainly
not by Rome's hand any more than the first martyr Stephen. 



The problem was that if one believed in the Resurrection, then one
must believe in Jesus as truly being the Son of God and what He
stood for and preached during His ministry on Earth.  That would
have been extremely difficult for some people, especially those
that had plotted to kill Him. 



This is not true.  The athiest's position is that there is no PROOF of the
existence of God.  As much as some people accept their Church, their priests
or straight from their own scriptures as the "proof", this does not 
satisfy atheists.

Atheists DO believe in recognisable authorities.  If they were as dogmatic as
you claim they are, they would be trying to prove 1 + 1 =2 every time they
got up.  What they dispute is that Churches, priests, scriptures etc.
represent true authorities and know the TRUTH.


Are you asking us to believe blindly?  You are trying to deny that part of
us that makes us ask the question "Does God exist?" i.e. self-awareness and
reason.  If we do not use our ability to reason we become as ignorant
as the other animals on this earth.  Does God want us to be like that?

You are right that science and reason cannot PROVE anything.  However, if
we do not use them we can only then believe on FAITH alone.  And since
we can only use faith, why is one picture of "God" (e.g. Hinduism) any less
valid than another (e.g. Christianity)?


In-Reply-To: <20APR199312262902@rigel.tamu.edu> lmp8913@rigel.tamu.edu (PRESTON, LISA M)

Or perhaps it's because they think that all governmental bodies should be in
the business of suppressing all beliefs other than their own, or else they're
some sort of Satanic Humanist Conspiracy.

It's the old "if you're not for us you're against us" bit.
zillion lines in response to article <1993Apr18.034101.21934@iti.org>,
in which Allen wrote a zillion lines in response to article
<17APR199316423628@judy.uh.edu>, in which Dennis wrote another zillion
lines in response to Allen.

Hey, can it you guys. Take it to email, or talk.politics.space, or
alt.flame, or alt.music.pop.will.eat.itself.the.poppies.are.on.patrol,
or anywhere, but this is sci.space. This thread lost all scientific
content many moons ago.

I don't care who told you this it is not generally true. I see EVERY single
line item on a contract and I have to sign it. There is no such thing as
wrap at this university. I also asked around here. Ther is no wrap at 
Marquette, University of Wisconsin Madison, Utah State, Weber State or
Embry Riddle U. I am not saying that it doees not happen but in every instance
that I have been able to track down it does not. Also the president of our
University who was Provost at University of West Virgina said that it did
not happen there either and that this figure must be included in the overhead
to be a legitimate charge.


I did they never heard of it but suggest that, like our president did, that
any percentage number like this is included in the overhead.


No Allen you did not. You merely repeated allegations made by an Employee
of the Overhead capital of NASA. Nothing that Reston does could not be dont
better or cheaper at the Other NASA centers  where the work is going on.
Kinda funny isn't it that someone who talks about a problem like this is
at a place where everything is overhead.


Why did the Space News artice point out that it was the congressionally
demanded change that caused the problems? Methinks that you are being 
selective with the facts again.


If it takes four flights a year to resupply the station and you have a cost
of 500 million a flight then you pay 2 billion a year. You stated that your
"friend" at Reston said that with the current station they could resupply it
for a billion a year "if the wrap were gone". This merely points out a 
blatent contridiction in your numbers that understandably you fail to see.

Dennis, University of Alabama in Huntsville.


I won't even recommend books from my congregation.  What you ask sounds
attractive but it is dangerous.  As a new Christian you don't want to be
contaminated with other people's interpretation.  Steep your self in
scripture, and discuss with other christians.  Read if your must but
remember that what other people write is their interpretation.  God has
promised to give you light, so ask for it.



Don't wait too long before attaching yourself to church.  Just remember to
always compare what they teach you with scripture like the Bereans did.

Looking at [1] we find that during Roman times "Tyre vied with Sidon
for first place in the intellectual life of the period"; that Tyre was
the seat of a Christian bishop, eventually with 14 dioceses under it;
that "the most magnificent church of its kind in all Phoenecia" was the
basilica built in Tyre ca. 314; that Tyre was well known for its
exports of glassware, wine, white marble, and dyed cloth; that Tyre,
along with other seaports, "provided outlets for South Arabian, Indian
and even Chinese trade"; that Tyre had to accomodate its growing
population by "following a perpendicular, rather than horizontal, line
of growth" (because it was running out of land to build on); that Tyre
established colonies of its own.  None of this sounds like a "small
fishing village" by any stretch of the imagination.

Centuries later, under the Abbasids, Tyre had "opulent and flourishing
bazaars" and buildings of 5-6 stories.  During this period, Tyre was
"noted for its export of sugar, beads, and, as of old, glassware."
During the Crusades, Tyre was the second-most flourishing city held
by Franks.  (There is a lot more, but I got tired of writing.)

In [2] we read the following description of modern Lebanon: "other
*major cities* in Lebanon include Tripoli, Sidon, Tyre, Baalbek and
Zahlah."  [my emphasis]  This source also discusses the impact of
the Lebanese Civil War, and the Israeli military actions (1978, 1982)
on the trading ports of Tyre and Sidon.  It notes that after Israel's
withdrawel in 1984, "Tyre appeared to enjoy a revival of its local
economy."

If Tyre is such an insignificant little fishing village at present,
why is it always called a city (or, above, a "major city")?  Why
does it show up on all the maps?   When population figures for cities
in Lebanon are given, why is Tyre always one of the cities on the
list (even if the list is only a dozen cities long)?

[1] Philip K. Hitti, _Lebanon in History: From the earliest times to
the present_, NY, St. Martins, 1967.  

[2] Federal Research Division, Library of Congress, _Lebanon: a
country study_, edited by Thomas Collelo, 1989.


A one-horse town?  Sounds like a lot of work for one horse.
(Anyway, Tyre is connected by roads to the mainland.  They
may even use cars these days. :-) 

The 1991 Encyclopedia Britannica says "Pop. (1982 est.) 23,000."  
Most other references give figures in the 14-17 thousand range.
(One atlas gives the population of Tyre as 60,000; the same
source give comparatively high figures for Sidon and Beirut, also,
so I doubt that it is a typo.  Perhaps these were figures for
the cities and their surrounding areas.)  I don't doubt that the
population of Tyre has fluctuated over the last few decades.  In
particular, the 1982 Israeli military action hurt Tyre quite a bit.   


I thought you were talking about times that Tyre was destroyed.
Don't most, if not all, of these apply not just to Tyre but to 
the other cities in the area?  Sidon, for example?  Can you make
a case for Tyre having been singled out?


They had a good deal of autonomy under the Seleucids. From [2]:
Tyre "receiv[ed] the rights [of autonomy] from Antiochus Ephiphanes
and from 125 BC onward enjoy[ed] complete autonomy. She started a
large series of coins, occasionally in gold ..."

The descriptions of Tyre under the Romans don't seem to fit
your characterization, either.  And under the Abbasids it seems
to have been allowed to flourish.  I still think you are stretching
when you try to describe Tyre as having been nothing but a small
fishing village.


A Christian apologist whose standards of scholarship are quite low.
He happens to quote the same source you quote (Nina Jidejian,
_Tyre through the Ages_, Beirut, Dar El-Mashreq Publishers, 1969).
The same sentence, in fact.  He defends the fulfillment of the
prophecy using the same argument you are using, an argument that
I haven't seen in print anywhere else, which is why I jumped to
the conclusion that you were quoting Josh.

(I tried to find the Jidejian book, but it isn't listed in Books
in Print.  Can you tell me more about it? Her descriptions are so
much at odds with everything else I've read; I'm curious to know why.)
I have a small program to extract a 640x480 image from a vga 16 color screen,
and store that image in a TIFF file.  I need to insert the image into a
sales brochure, which I then need printed in 4 color.  On a mac, I would
use Photoshop to separate the image into 5 EPS files, and then pull it into
quark express, then get it printed to film on a lintronix at a service bureau.

However, I don't have a mac, but I do have windows.  What would I need to 
do this type of operation in the windows 3.1 environment?  Are there any
separation programs available on the net?  Is there a good page layout program
that I should look into?

Thanks in advance.



In soc.religion.christian you write:


Note that the above type of prediction does not require a God to be made.
An expert in a field can also predict things based on experience.
Beware of predictions like "The volcano will erupt tomorrow!"  Don't
follow the preacher because of such statements that come true.

Note also, that if I'm describing a (hypothetical) death of a friend as
a result of his passion for fast motorcycles, I might say "his mother
predicted he would die."  Of course, his father may have said "he 'll
make good money because of his hobby" and depending upon the final
outcome of the situation I end up mentioning the one that's
relevant.  A reader down the road will get the impression that the
mother or father had predicted accurately the event, when it was just
a casual statement.

Finally, on prophesies, note that there are many prophesies that can be
fulfilled my people, often to fool believers.  If I say, "Beware, the
terminal will unexpectedly be shut off!" and then after 2 secs I turn
it off (or have someone come out from another room and do it) there was
no prediction.  A similar situation arises with the establishment of
the Jewish state.  While pressing for it, prominent Jews argued that it
was predicted that they'd have a state again, and that the time has
come.  (I've read this somewhere, but can't think of the source - if
you can, please let me know.)  In this case, the establishment of the
state does not really fulfill the  prophesy since the prophesy was used
in order to push for the establishment of the state.

Deciding what was truely a fulfillment of prophesy is very tricky.

-leo


  I've talked with Mark and he faxed some literature, though it wasn't very helpful-
  just a list of routine names: _BSplineSurface, _DrawString3D... 241 names.
  There was a Product Info sheet that explained some of the package capabilities.
  I also found a review in April/May '92 MacTutor.



Just as a matter of interest, a self-promo computer graphics sequence 
that one of the local TV stations used to play quite a lot a couple of
years ago showed a 3D flyover of Australia from the West coast to the
East.  The clouds were quite recognisable as fuzzy, flat, white
Mandlebrot sets!!

Was that post for real? I thought it was a late April Fool joke. Some of it
seemed a bit over the top even by McElwaine/Abian/etc standards :-)


Why so up tight?  FOr that matter, TIFF6 is out now, so why not gripe
about its problems?  Also, if its so important to you, volunteer to
help define or critique the spec.

Finally, a little numerology:  42 is 24 backwards, and TIFF is a 24 bit
image format...

Chris

In the Bible, there are a lot of instances where God speaks
to people, where a person just "came to know" some piece
of information, where a person walks off into the desert
for "40 days", etc. With all of God's power He certainly can
do whatever He wants when He wants it. The Bible "ends"
with the book of Revelations. But does God's reign end there ? No.
So who can say for sure that God's messages are either no longer
happening or still happening ?

I can now hear the clamor for proof. 8-)
With the cold response I've gotten from the past from this
group, it's very hard to get the point across. I'll only
go over the physical stuff so that skeptics can look
at documents stored somewhere. I've cited the uncorrupted
bodies of saints before. They're still there. 8-)
The apparitions at Fatima, Portugal culminated in a miracle
specifically granted to show God's existence. That was
the spinning/descending of the sun. It was seen in several
countries. That event is "approved" by the Pope. Currently,
images of Mary in Japan, Korea, Yugoslavia, Philippines, Africa
are showing tears (natural or blood). These are still under
investigation by the Church. But realize that investigations
take decades to finish. And if the message is Christ will come
in ten days, that's a bit too late, isn't it 8-).
Other events under investigation are inner locutions ("coming
to know"), stigmata (the person exhibits Christ's wounds. And
they don't heal. And doctor's don't know why).
Non-believers are welcome to pore through documents, I'm sure.

This stuff is not like Koresh. Or Oral Roberts (give me $5M
or God will call me home). It's free. Find out why they're
happening (as we ourselves are studying why). If anybody
can figure this out, tell us ! You can be of any religion.
If you have the resources, go to one of the countries I mentioned.
These are not "members only" events. God and Mary invites 
everybody.

So in conclusion (finally) ...
We RC's believe in the modern day manifestations of God and Mary.
We are scared to death sometimes although we're told not to.
There are more proofs and events. And that is why "not everything
is in the Bible". Although in a lot of the apparitions, we are told
to read the Bible.

As far as the Protestant vs. Catholics issue is concerned...
In the end, God's churches will unite. I'm not sure how.
I have some idea. But the point is we shouldn't worry
about the "versus" part. Just do God's work. That's all
that matters. Unity will come.

BTW, I'm just a plain person. I'm not the Pope's spokesperson.
But I am RC.

-- 

Seems like a lot of trouble to go to. Its probably better to   
invest in newer launch systems. I don't think a big cost advantage
for using Russian systems will last for very long (maybe a few years). 
Lockheed would be the place to ask, since you would probably have to buy 
the Proton from them (they market the Proton world wide except Russia). 
They should know a lot about the possibilities, I haven't heard them
propose US launches, so I assume they looked into it and found it 
unprofitable. 


Yes...


Comparable to the Zenit I suppose, but since it looks like
nothing will be built there, you might just as well pick any
spot.

The message is: to launch now while its cheap and while Russia and
Kazakstan are still cooperating. Later, the story may be different.
In the discussion as to why Jesus spoke aloud the "Lazarus, come out",
I'm surprised that no one has noticed the verse immediately preceeding.

Jn 12:41  "Father, I thank you for listening to me, though I knew that
you always listen to me.  But I have said this for the sake of the
people that are standing around me that they may believe that you have
made my your messenger."  (Goodspeed translation)

My guess is that the "Lazarus, come out!" was also for the sake of the
crowd.
Original to: keithley@apple.com
G'day keithley@apple.com

21 Apr 93 22:25, keithley@apple.com wrote to All:

 kc> keithley@apple.com (Craig Keithley), via Kralizec 3:713/602


 kc> But back to the contest goals, there was a recent article in AW&ST
about a
 kc> low cost (it's all relative...) manned return to the moon.  A General
 kc> Dynamics scheme involving a Titan IV & Shuttle to lift a Centaur upper
 kc> stage, LEV, and crew capsule.  The mission consists of delivering two
 kc> unmanned payloads to the lunar surface, followed by a manned mission.
 kc> Total cost:  US was $10-$13 billion.  Joint ESA(?)/NASA project was
$6-$9
 kc> billion for the US share.

 kc> moon for a year.   Hmmm.  Not really practical.  Anyone got a
 kc> cheaper/better way of delivering 15-20 tonnes to the lunar surface
within
 kc> the decade?  Anyone have a more precise guess about how much a year's
 kc> supply of consumables and equipment would weigh?

Why not modify the GD plan into Zurbrin's Compact Moon Direct scheme? let
one of those early flight carry an O2 plant and make your own.

ta

Ralph

My package is based on several articles about non-standard radiosity and
some unpublished methods.

The main articles are:

-  Cohen, Chen, Wallace, Greenberg : 
    A Progressive Refinement Approach to fast Radiosity Image Generation
     Computer Graphics (SIGGRAPH), V. 22(No. 4), pp 75-84, August 1988

-  Silion, Puech
    A General Two-Pass Method Integrating Specular and Diffuse Reflection
    Computer Graphics (SIGGRAPH), V23(No. 3), pp335-344, July 1989 


I do not use hemi-cubes. I have no special hardware (SUN SPARCstation).


Use anonymous as username and your e-mail address as password.



Stephan.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Stephan Amann     SIG Computer Graphics, University of Berne, Switzerland
           amann@iam.unibe.ch
	   Tel +41 31 65 46 79	   Fax +41 31 65 39 65

 Projects: Radiosity, Raytracing, Computer Graphics

thus

Curiously, in modern PostScript, the point in a polygon problem can
be solved even more easily.  To wit:

%!
%%Title: Point in Polygon
%%Creator: Allen B (ab@cc.purdue.edu)
%%For: the amusement of comp.graphics regulars
%%LanguageLevel: 2
%%DocumentNeededResource: humor sense thereof
%%EndComments

% This program will test whether a point is inside a given polygon.
% Currently it uses the even-odd rule, but that can be changed by
% replacing ineofill with infill.  These are Level 2 operators,
% so if you've only got Level 1 you're out of luck.
%
% The result will be printed on the output stream.
%
% Caution: only accurate to device pixels!
% Put a huge scale in first if you aren't sure.

% Point to test
% PUT X AND Y COORDINATES HERE

50 75

% Vertices of polygon in counter-clockwise order
% PUT ARRAY OF PAIRS OF COORDINATES HERE
[
[   0   0 ]
[ 100   0 ]
[ 100 100 ]
[  67 100 ]
[  67  50 ]
[  33  50 ]
[  33 100 ]
[   0 100 ]
]

<<<most of message deleted>>>






I'm not sure, but it almost sounds like they can't figure out where the 
_nucleus_ is within the coma. If they're off by a couple hundred
miles, well, you can imagine the rest...


   When he came near the place where the road goes down the Mount of Olives,
the whole crowd of disciples began joyfully to praise God in loud voices for
all the miracles they had seen: 
Luke 19:37



I have discussed this with my girlfriend often.  I consider myself married,
though legally I am not.  Neither of us have been with other people sexually,
although we have been with each other.  We did not have sexual relations
until we decided to marry eventually.  For financial and distance reasons,
we will not be legally married for another year and a half.  Until then,
I consider myself married for life in God's eyes.  I have faith that we
have a strong relationship, and have had for over 4 years, and will be
full of joy when we marry in a church.  First, however, we must find a
church( we will be living in a new area when we marry, and will need to
find a new church community).

Anyway, I feel that if two people commit to marriage before God, they are
married and are bound by that commitment.


Or have different classes of competetors.. and made the total purse $6billion
or $7billion (depending on how many different classes there are, as in auto
racing/motocycle racing and such)..

I am in the market for a 24-bit graphics card for a PC (ISA bus), and
was wondering if anyone had any comments (good? bad? otherwise?) regarding
the Diamond Stealth 24?  


: >People who reject God don't want to be wth Him in heaven.  We spend our 
: >lives choosing to be either for Him or against Him.  God does not force 
: >Himself on us.

: I must say that I am shocked. My impression has been that Jayne Kulikaskas
: usually writes this much less offensive and ludicrous than this. I am not
: saying that the offensiveness is intentional, but it is clear and it is
: something for Christians to consider.

Jayne stands in pretty good company.  C.S. Lewis wrote a whole book
promoting the idea contained in her first sentence quoted above.  It is
called "The Final Divorce".  Excellent book on the subject of Heaven and
Hell, highly recommended.  It's an allegory of souls who are invited, indeed
beseeched to enter Heaven, but reject the offer because being with God in
Heaven means giving up their false pride.

Here are some notes about what the church is to be like and some helpful
ideas about how to choose a church:

Colossians 1:15-18
   A.  Jesus is the head of the body, the church
   B.  You cannot say "yes" to Jesus, but "no" to the church

Ephesians 2:19-22
   A.  The church is the family of God
   B.  The church is based on the Word of God only
          Cornerstone=Christ
          Foundation= Apostles=New Testament
                      Prophets=Old Testament  (see Revelation 21:9-14)

1 Corinthians 12:12-13
   A.  Baptism is when we become a member of the church

As for the question of denominations:
   A.  The Bible teaches that there is only ONE church from Ephesians
4:4-6, Romans 12:4-5, 1 Corinthians 12:12-13
   B.  1 Corinthians 1:10-13 says that there should be no divisions in
the church.  There should be no following of personalities in the church
(and in time, their writings)
   C.  There are so many churches today because of a problem.  2 Timothy
4:1-4 says that people will turn away from the truth and try to find a
church that teaches a doctrine that suits their lifestyle

Hebrews 10:24-25
   A.  Do not miss church
   B.  Purpose is to encourage each other, so we will remain faithful.
Involved on a relationship level in the church
   C.  Must come to ALL services

Another verse which is helpful is Hebrews 3:12-15.  The church should be
encouraging daily, as it is their duty to do.

Of course, more standards apply:
   1 Timothy 4:16  People in the church should be watching their lives
and doctrines to make sure they both live up to the Word entirely (ie,
disciples).
   Acts 17:10-12  The pastor does not come close to the Apostle Paul
(natural conclusion since the Apostle Paul talked with Jesus directly
face to face), so if the Bereans, who were considered noble, didn't take
Paul at his word but checked out what he said with Scripture to verify
his statements, then church members are to do the same and verify the
pastor's statements.  If they are not verifiable or valid in light of
other verses, then that group should be avoided as a church (would've
made a wonderful suggestion to the Waco group, especially in light of
Matthew 24).


It's really not that hard to do.  There are books out there which explain
everything, and the basic 3D functions, translation, rotation, shading, and
hidden line removal are pretty easy.  I wrote a program in a few weeks witht
he help of a book, and would be happy to give you my source.
	Also, Quickdraw has a lot of 3D functions built in, and Think pascal
can access them, and I would expect that THINK C could as well.  If you can
find out how to use the Quickdraw graphics library, it would be an excellent
choice, since it has a lot of stuff, and is built into the Mac, so should be
fast.

Libertarian, atheist, semi-anarchal Techno-Rat.

The existence of repeated earth lives and destiny (karma) does not
mean that everything that happens is predetermined by past deeds.
There is an oriental view of it that tends in that direction, but I
did not subscribe to that view.  God may choose one individual over
another as the fit instrument for his plans, but that does not
preclude that the development of that individual into what he is in
this earthly life is not the result of a longer course of development.

I do not, and Rudolf Steiner did not, subscribe to the oriental view
of an inexorable, mechanistic karma determining everything that
befalls one.  This is a kind of shriveled caricature of a much greater
law in the context of which the deed of Christ on Golgotha and the
ultimate salvation and freedom of the human being as a working of
Christ can be seen as the master theme and, indeed, a new impulse that
was completely free of karma.  Christ incarnated only once in the
flesh, and in that he had no debt of karma or sin.  The oriental
concepts of reincarnation and karma, which are even more trivialized
and mechanized in some new age teachings, incorrectly assume Jesus
Christ to have been the reincarnation of a master.  avatar, etc.
Their teaching of reincarnation and karma also has no concept the
continuing individuality from one life to the next (e.g. Buddhism).
More important, they have no concept of the resurrection of the body,
the ultimate continuity of the whole human being -- to ultimate
resurrection and judgement on the Last Day.

There is another biblical passage that also has a bearing. It is the
tenth chapter of John, devoted almost entirely to the man born blind.
Clearly here, Jesus tells the disciples that it was not his past karma
or that of his parents that led to his blindness, but rather that a
new impulse is to be revealed through him.  But note that he does not
refute the disciples' question.  In fact, they ask it as a matter of
course, the question being stated as if it were self evident that only
one of two possibilities existed - it was either the sins of the man
himself, obviously not in this incarnation, or the sins of his
parents.  The fact that they even asked about the first possibility at
all indicates an awareness of the idea on their part and the form of
Christ's answer indicates that he did not disagree with it.

There is also Matthew 11:14, where Jesus says straight out about John
the Baptist,

   "If you care to accept it, he himself is Elias, who was to come."

This also emphasizes that the Gospels do not have a positive teaching
either way about reincarnation -- or, in fact, about what happens to
the human being at all between death and the Last Day.  Even Jesus did
not push this teaching on people who were not ready to embrace it ("If
you care to accept it").  So I took care to point out, not that the
Bible teaches reincarnation but that it does not deny it either, and
that much in both scripture and fundamental Christian doctrine becomes
understandable if reincarnation is understood in the right way.  I
pointedly used "repeated earth lives" to distinguish a little from the
oriental doctrines usually associated with the word "reincarnation".
The phrase is Rudolf Steiner's (wiederholte Erdenleben).  He noted too
that the idea needed to arise as a new insight in the west, completely
free from eastern tradition.  It did in the eighteenth and nineteenth
centuries, the most important expression of it being Lessing's "The
Education of the Human Race".

To return to your original point, Paul's statement about Jacob and
Esau does not contradict the idea of repeated earth lives and karma.
And both of these principles receive their fulfillment in the
incarnation, death, and resurrection, ascension and return of Jesus
Christ, in my view.


The equation of the sphere through the 4 points (x1,y1,z1),...,(x4,y4,z4) is
  | x^2+y^2+z^2  x1^2+y1^2+z1^2  ...  x4^2+y4^2+z4^2 |
  |      x             x1        ...        x4       |
  |      y             y1        ...        y4       | = 0
  |      z             z1        ...        z4       |
  |      1             1         ...        1        |
When this 5 by 5 determininant is expanded on its first column you get the
equation in the form
  A(x^2+y^2+z^2) + Bx + Cy + Dz + E = 0
If you need the center and radius, jyst divide through by A (it cannot be
zero if the 4 given points form a non-degenerate tetrahedron) and complete
the square on x, y, and z to obtain
  (x-xc)^2 + (y-yc)^2 + (z-zc)^2 = r^2
I simply wish to thank Dave Mielke (dave@bnr.ca)  for sharing the
tract concerning God's love.  It was most welcome to me and a great
source of comfort.
Keywords: 

If babies are not supposed to be baptised then why doesn't the Bible
ever say so.  It never comes right and says "Only people that know
right from wrong or who are taught can be baptised."
        What Christ did say was :

        "I solemly assure you, NO ONE can enter God's kingdom without
         being born of water and Spirit ... Do not be surprised that I
         tell you you must ALL be begotten from above."

Could this be because everyone is born with original sin?



This activity is regularly reported in Ron's interesting posts. Could
someone explain what the Command Loss Timer is?

Thanks, Alan

The "face" is an accident of light and shadow.  There are many "faces" in
landforms on Earth; none is artificial (well, excluding Mount Rushmore and
the like...).  There is also a smiley face on Mars, and a Kermit The Frog.

The question of life in a more mundane sense -- bacteria or the like -- is
not quite closed, although the odds are against it, and the most that the
more orthodox exobiologists are hoping for now is fossils.

There are currently no particular plans to do any further searches for life.


Mars Observer, currently approaching Mars, will probably try to get a better
image or two of the "face" at some point.  It's not high priority; nobody
takes it very seriously.  The shadowed half of the face does not look very
face-like, so all it will take is one shot at a different sun angle to ruin
the illusion.
Someone posted a list of x number of alleged Bible contradictions.  As Joslin
said, most people do value quantity over quality.  Dave Butler posted some good
quality alleged contradictions that are taking a long time to properly exegete.

If you want a good list (quantity) - _When Critics Ask, A Popular Handbook On
Bible Difficulties_ by Dr. Norman Geisler deals with over 800 alleged contradictions.

Frank
Hi.

The RTrace ray tracer supports 3D text as a primitive, not collections of
spheres, cylinders and so on...
The 3D chars are made of lines and splines that are extruded...

Please have a look at asterix.inescn.pt [192.35.246.17] in directory
pub/RTrace.
In pub/RTrace/tmp there are some demo images with high quality text.
All of them are called Text?.jpg (JPEG encoded). See them first and then
tell me what you think.


   >Very cost effective if you use the right accounting method :-)

   Sherzer Methodology!!!!!!

Hell, yes. I'm not going to let a bunch of seven suits tell
me what the right way to estimate cost effectiveness is, at
least not until they can make their mind up long enough
to leave their scheme stable for a fiscal year or two.


Seriously though. If you were to ask the British government
whether their colonisation efforts in the Americas were cost
effective, what answer do you think you'd get? What if you asked
in 1765, 1815, 1865, 1915 and 1945 respectively? ;-)


The gravity data is collected in real-time and it not recorded to the tape
recorder.  However, you only need to collect the gravity every 3rd or 4th
orbit, so there is no real data loss if the Moon blocks transmission for
a short while.

Hi,


Anyone has a converter from BMP to any format that xview or xv can

handle?  This converter must run Unix..  I looked at the FAQ and downloaded
several packages but had no luck...  thanks in advance.

ed
Archive-name: space/controversy
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:06 $

CONTROVERSIAL QUESTIONS

    These issues periodically come up with much argument and few facts being
    offered. The summaries below attempt to represent the position on which
    much of the net community has settled. Please DON'T bring them up again
    unless there's something truly new to be discussed. The net can't set
    public policy, that's what your representatives are for.


    WHAT HAPPENED TO THE SATURN V PLANS

    Despite a widespread belief to the contrary, the Saturn V blueprints
    have not been lost. They are kept at Marshall Space Flight Center on
    microfilm.

    The problem in re-creating the Saturn V is not finding the drawings, it
    is finding vendors who can supply mid-1960's vintage hardware (like
    guidance system components), and the fact that the launch pads and VAB
    have been converted to Space Shuttle use, so you have no place to launch
    from.

    By the time you redesign to accommodate available hardware and re-modify
    the launch pads, you may as well have started from scratch with a clean
    sheet design.


    WHY DATA FROM SPACE MISSIONS ISN'T IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE

    Investigators associated with NASA missions are allowed exclusive access
    for one year after the data is obtained in order to give them an
    opportunity to analyze the data and publish results without being
    "scooped" by people uninvolved in the mission. However, NASA frequently
    releases examples (in non-digital form, e.g. photos) to the public early
    in a mission.


    RISKS OF NUCLEAR (RTG) POWER SOURCES FOR SPACE PROBES

    There has been extensive discussion on this topic sparked by attempts to
    block the Galileo and Ulysses launches on grounds of the plutonium
    thermal sources being dangerous. Numerous studies claim that even in
    worst-case scenarios (shuttle explosion during launch, or accidental
    reentry at interplanetary velocities), the risks are extremely small.
    Two interesting data points are (1) The May 1968 loss of two SNAP 19B2
    RTGs, which landed intact in the Pacific Ocean after a Nimbus B weather
    satellite failed to reach orbit. The fuel was recovered after 5 months
    with no release of plutonium. (2) In April 1970, the Apollo 13 lunar
    module reentered the atmosphere and its SNAP 27 RTG heat source, which
    was jettisoned, fell intact into the 20,000 feet deep Tonga Trench in
    the Pacific Ocean. The corrosion resistant materials of the RTG are
    expected to prevent release of the fuel for a period of time equal to 10
    half-lives of the Pu-238 fuel or about 870 years [DOE 1980].

    To make your own informed judgement, some references you may wish to
    pursue are:

    A good review of the technical facts and issues is given by Daniel
    Salisbury in "Radiation Risk and Planetary Exploration-- The RTG
    Controversy," *Planetary Report*, May-June 1987, pages 3-7. Another good
    article, which also reviews the events preceding Galileo's launch,
    "Showdown at Pad 39-B," by Robert G. Nichols, appeared in the November
    1989 issue of *Ad Astra*. (Both magazines are published by pro-space
    organizations, the Planetary Society and the National Space Society
    respectively.)

    Gordon L Chipman, Jr., "Advanced Space Nuclear Systems" (AAS 82-261), in
    *Developing the Space Frontier*, edited by Albert Naumann and Grover
    Alexander, Univelt, 1983, p. 193-213.

    "Hazards from Plutonium Toxicity", by Bernard L. Cohen, Health Physics,
    Vol 32 (may) 1977, page 359-379.

    NUS Corporation, Safety Status Report for the Ulysses Mission: Risk
    Analysis (Book 1). Document number is NUS 5235; there is no GPO #;
    published Jan 31, 1990.

    NASA Office of Space Science and Applications, *Final Environmental
    Impact Statement for the Ulysses Mission (Tier 2)*, (no serial number or
    GPO number, but probably available from NTIS or NASA) June 1990.

    [DOE 1980] U.S.  Department of Energy, *Transuranic Elements in the
    Environment*, Wayne C.  Hanson, editor; DOE Document No.  DOE/TIC-22800;
    Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C., April 1980.)


    IMPACT OF THE SPACE SHUTTLE ON THE OZONE LAYER

    From time to time, claims are made that chemicals released from
    the Space Shuttle's Solid Rocket Boosters (SRBs) are responsible
    for a significant amount of damage to the ozone layer. Studies
    indicate that they in reality have only a minute impact, both in
    absolute terms and relative to other chemical sources. The
    remainder of this item is a response from the author of the quoted
    study, Charles Jackman.

    The atmospheric modelling study of the space shuttle effects on the
    stratosphere involved three independent theoretical groups, and was
    organized by Dr. Michael Prather, NASA/Goddard Institute for Space
    Studies.  The three groups involved Michael Prather and Maria Garcia
    (NASA/GISS), Charlie Jackman and Anne Douglass (NASA/Goddard Space
    Flight Center), and Malcolm Ko and Dak Sze (Atmospheric and
    Environmental Research, Inc.).  The effort was to look at the effects
    of the space shuttle and Titan rockets on the stratosphere.

    The following are the estimated sources of stratospheric chlorine:

       Industrial sources:    300,000,000 kilograms/year
	  Natural sources:     75,000,000 kilograms/year
	  Shuttle sources:	  725,000 kilograms/year

    The shuttle source assumes 9 space shuttles and 6 Titan rockets are
    launched yearly. Thus the launches would add less than 0.25% to the
    total stratospheric chlorine sources.

    The effect on ozone is minimal:  global yearly average total ozone would
    be decreased by 0.0065%. This is much less than total ozone variability
    associated with volcanic activity and solar flares.

    The influence of human-made chlorine products on ozone is computed
    by atmospheric model calculations to be a 1% decrease in globally
    averaged ozone between 1980 and 1990. The influence of the space shuttle and
    Titan rockets on the stratosphere is negligible.  The launch
    schedule of the Space Shuttle and Titan rockets would need to be
    increased by over a factor of a hundred in order to have about
    the same effect on ozone as our increases in industrial halocarbons
    do at the present time.

    Theoretical results of this study have been published in _The Space
    Shuttle's Impact on the Stratosphere_, MJ Prather, MM Garcia, AR
    Douglass, CH Jackman, M.K.W. Ko and N.D. Sze, Journal of Geophysical
    Research, 95, 18583-18590, 1990.

    Charles Jackman, Atmospheric Chemistry and Dynamics Branch,
    Code 916, NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center,
    Greenbelt, MD  20771

    Also see _Chemical Rockets and the Environment_, A McDonald, R Bennett,
    J Hinshaw, and M Barnes, Aerospace America, May 1991.


    HOW LONG CAN A HUMAN LIVE UNPROTECTED IN SPACE

    If you *don't* try to hold your breath, exposure to space for half a
    minute or so is unlikely to produce permanent injury. Holding your
    breath is likely to damage your lungs, something scuba divers have to
    watch out for when ascending, and you'll have eardrum trouble if your
    Eustachian tubes are badly plugged up, but theory predicts -- and animal
    experiments confirm -- that otherwise, exposure to vacuum causes no
    immediate injury. You do not explode. Your blood does not boil. You do
    not freeze. You do not instantly lose consciousness.

    Various minor problems (sunburn, possibly "the bends", certainly some
    [mild, reversible, painless] swelling of skin and underlying tissue)
    start after ten seconds or so. At some point you lose consciousness from
    lack of oxygen. Injuries accumulate. After perhaps one or two minutes,
    you're dying. The limits are not really known.

    References:

    _The Effect on the Chimpanzee of Rapid Decompression to a Near Vacuum_,
    Alfred G. Koestler ed., NASA CR-329 (Nov 1965).

    _Experimental Animal Decompression to a Near Vacuum Environment_, R.W.
    Bancroft, J.E. Dunn, eds, Report SAM-TR-65-48 (June 1965), USAF School
    of Aerospace Medicine, Brooks AFB, Texas.


    HOW THE CHALLENGER ASTRONAUTS DIED

    The Challenger shuttle launch was not destroyed in an explosion. This is
    a well-documented fact; see the Rogers Commission report, for example.
    What looked like an explosion was fuel burning after the external tank
    came apart. The forces on the crew cabin were not sufficient to kill the
    astronauts, never mind destroy their bodies, according to the Kerwin
    team's medical/forensic report.

    The astronauts were killed when the more-or-less intact cabin hit the
    water at circa 200MPH, and their bodies then spent several weeks
    underwater. Their remains were recovered, and after the Kerwin team
    examined them, they were sent off to be buried.


    USING THE SHUTTLE BEYOND LOW EARTH ORBIT

    You can't use the shuttle orbiter for missions beyond low Earth orbit
    because it can't get there. It is big and heavy and does not carry
    enough fuel, even if you fill part of the cargo bay with tanks.

    Furthermore, it is not particularly sensible to do so, because much of
    that weight is things like wings, which are totally useless except in
    the immediate vicinity of the Earth. The shuttle orbiter is highly
    specialized for travel between Earth's surface and low orbit. Taking it
    higher is enormously costly and wasteful. A much better approach would
    be to use shuttle subsystems to build a specialized high-orbit
    spacecraft.

    [Yet another concise answer by Henry Spencer.]


    THE "FACE ON MARS"

    There really is a big rock on Mars that looks remarkably like a humanoid
    face. It appears in two different frames of Viking Orbiter imagery:
    35A72 (much more facelike in appearance, and the one more often
    published, with the Sun 10 degrees above western horizon) and 70A13
    (with the Sun 27 degrees from the west).

    Science writer Richard Hoagland has championed the idea that the Face is
    artificial, intended to resemble a human, and erected by an
    extraterrestrial civilization. Most other analysts concede that the
    resemblance is most likely accidental. Other Viking images show a
    smiley-faced crater and a lava flow resembling Kermit the Frog elsewhere
    on Mars. There exists a Mars Anomalies Research Society (sorry, don't
    know the address) to study the Face.

    The Mars Observer mission will carry an extremely high-resolution
    camera, and better images of the formation will hopefully settle this
    question in a few years. In the meantime, speculation about the Face is
    best carried on in the altnet group alt.alien.visitors, not sci.space or
    sci.astro.

    V. DiPeitro and G. Molenaar, *Unusual Martian Surface Features*, Mars
    Research, P.O. Box 284, Glen Dale, Maryland, USA, 1982. $18 by mail.

    R.R. Pozos, *The Face of Mars*, Chicago Review Press, 1986. [Account of
    an interdisciplinary speculative conference Hoagland organized to
    investigate the Face]

    R.C. Hoagland, *The Monuments of Mars: A City on the Edge of Forever*,
    North Atlantic Books, Berkeley, California, USA, 1987. [Elaborate
    discussion of evidence and speculation that formations near the Face
    form a city]

    M.J. Carlotto, "Digital Imagery Analysis of Unusual Martian Surface
    Features," *Applied Optics*, 27, pp. 1926-1933, 1987. [Extracts
    three-dimensional model for the Face from the 2-D images]

    M.J. Carlotto & M.C. Stein, "A Method of Searching for Artificial
    Objects on Planetary Surfaces," *Journal of the British Interplanetary
    Society*, Vol. 43 no. 5 (May 1990), p.209-216. [Uses a fractal image
    analysis model to guess whether the Face is artificial]

    B. O'Leary, "Analysis of Images of the `Face' on Mars and Possible
    Intelligent Origin," *JBIS*, Vol. 43 no. 5 (May 1990), p. 203-208.
    [Lights Carlotto's model from the two angles and shows it's consistent;
    shows that the Face doesn't look facelike if observed from the surface]

Hi Netters,

I'm building a CAD package and need a 3D graphics library that can handle
some rudimentry tasks, such as hidden line removal, shading, animation, etc.

Can you please offer some recommendations?

I'll also need contact info (name, address, email...) if you can find it.

Thanks

(Please Post Your Responses, in case others have same need)

	I don't see the effort to equate salvation with paradise. 

	Rather, I see implied the fact that only those who are saved 
may enter paradise.

A 68070 is just a 68010 with a built in MMU.  I don't even think that Moto.
manufactures them.

                                  - Ian Romanick
                                    Dancing Fool of Epsilon
Then by that definition, I would be in a cell church only here at IU,
not when the whole group gets together at Indianapolis (>950 every week
in attendance).

... or consider the thousands in Central America killed by those brave
CIA/NSC sponsored "Freedom Fighters."

Thus far, Slick Willie is a piker.

							spl

I think you are too optimistic! PostScript is a very big language and
so the fig format can not be able to be an interpreter of ANY arbitrary
ps code. The only program I know to manipulate PostScript files is
IslandDraw.
I for myself use xfig and include the PostScript files (converted to
epsi format). Small changes then are possible (erasing some letters,
adding text and so on).
Reinhard


I'm not surprised that you see no wisdom in them.  That is because your
premises are wrong from the word "Go".  You claim that Christianity is
based on blind faith, but this simply is not so.  Just look at the
current thread on the evidence for Jesus' resurrection for evidence
that Jesus was real and that he triumphed over death.

Furthermore, you say that Christians hold to their beliefs "regardless of
any evidence that you may find to the contrary."  Without any evidence
to support your claim, this statement is little more than an ad hominem 
argument.

Mind you, I don't mean this as a personal attack.  I'm merely pointing out
the intellectual dishonesty behind condemning Christianity in this fashion.
It would make much more sense if you could prove that all Christians do 
base their belief on empty nothings, and that they do ignore all evidence to 
the contrary.  Only then can you expect your attack to make sense.
 
Hey...

I may be wrong, but wasn't Jeff Fenholt part of Black Sabbath?  He's a
MAJOR brother in Christ now.  He totally changed his life around, and
he and his wife go on tours singing, witnessing, and spreading the
gospel for Christ.  I may be wrong about Black Sabbath, but I know he
was in a similar band if it wasn't that particular group...

HOW GREAT IS TH LOVE THE FATHER HAS LAVISHED ON US, THAT WE SHOULD BE
CALLED CHILDREN OF GOD!  AND THAT IS WHAT WE ARE!  (1 JOHN 3:1)

Jesus certainly demonstrated the great depth of his love for the
children who died today at the Davidian complex.

Sorry, but the events today made me even more negative concering
organized religion.

Cheers,
Kent
There are actually a few important things we can glean from this mess:
1)	When they start getting desperate for an answer to the question: "What's
it all about. Mr. Natural?", pinkboys will buy darn near *anything*, which
means:
2)	There's still plenty of $$$$ to be made in the False Jesus business
by enterprising SubGenii.  Just remember that:
3)	Once you've separated the pinks from their green, don't blow it all
on automatic weapons from Mexico.  Put it in a Swiss bank account.  Smile a
lot.  Have your flunkies hand out flowers in airports.  The Con will just
shrug you off as long as:
4)	You never, never, NEVER start to believe your own bulldada!  If
"David Koresh" hand't started swallowing his own "apocalypso now" crap, he'd
be working crossword puzzles in the Bahamas today instead of contributing to
the mulch layer in Waco.  This is because:
5)	When you start shooting at cops, they're likely to shoot back.  And 
most of 'em are better shots than you are.

	In short:
	- P.T. Barnum was right 
		and
	- Stupidity is self-correcting
Thus endeth the lesson.

Wishful thinking mostly. It's more likely that the Moon will never
be the site of major commercial activity. As far as we know it has no
materials we can't get cheaper right here on Earth or from asteroids
and comets, aside from the semi-mythic He3 that *might* be useful in low
grade fusion reactors. Exploring it would satisfy a curiosity itch, 
and it's position in the gravity well of Earth coupled with it's heat 
sink capacity could offer some military utility for "high ground" military
weapons systems, but it holds very minute commercial value. If space 
travel becomes cheap enough, it might become a tourist attraction as 
Mt. Everest and the Antarctic have become, but that's a very minor 
activity in the global scope of things.

Luna has an inconvienent gravity field. It's likely too low to prevent
calcium loss, muscle atrophy, and long term genetic drift. Yet it's
too high to do micro-G manufacturing. Space based colonies and factories
that can be spun to any convienent value of G look much better. Luna
has a modest vacuum and raw solar exposure two weeks a month, but orbital
sites can have better vacuums and continous solar exposure. Luna offers
a source of light element rocks that can serve as raw materials, heatsink,
and shielding. The asteroids and comets offer sources of both light and
heavy elements, and volatile compounds, and many are in less steep gravity
wells so that less delta-v is required to reach them.

We don't use 2/3rds of the Earth now, the seafloors, and we virtually
ignore Antarctica, a whole continent. That's because we don't have to
deal with those conditions in order to make a buck. Luna is a much more
expensive place to visit, or to live and work. I think we'll use the
easier places first. That pushes Lunar development back at least a few
centuries, if not much longer.

Luna's main short term value would be as a place for a farside radio
astronomy observatory, shielded from the noisy Earth. Or as the site
of a laser, particle beam, or linear accelerator weapons system for
defending Earth, or bombarding it as the case may be. The first is
unlikely because of the high cost for such a basic science instrument.
The second is just as unlikely because conventional nukes are good
enough, and the military would really rather see the Earth safe for
conventional warfare again. There's little glory in watching from a
bunker as machines fight each other over continental ranges. Little
ultimate profit either.

Gary

True, except that I've known few fundies who had enough sense to
be embarrassed by Josh McDowell.

(Okay, maybe a cheap shot. But I'm in that kind of mood.)

I am not so sure of Jewish proselytism then, but I would like to relate
an account of a recent dinner I had with Jews a few months ago.

The dinner was instigated by the aunt of the hostess, whom I had met while
visiting my wife in Galveston last October.  The dear old aunt (now 
deceased) was very proud of her Jewish heritage, although not especially
devout.  Her parents were both murdered in Nazi concentration camps in
Austria during WWII because they were Jewish.  While conversing with her
about politics, world affairs and religion, she remarked that it would 
be a good idea for me to visit her niece on my return to Atlanta.

Within two days of returning to Atlanta, her niece called to invite
me over for dinner with her husband.  I went, not knowing really what to
expect, other than stimulating conversation and fellowship.  What I got,
however, was rather unexpected.  The thrust of the evening's discussion
was to condemn the Reagan-Bush policies prohibiting abortion counseling 
in federally funded family planning clinics, prohibiting the sterilization
of minorities on welfare here and in Puerto Rico, on
the ban on fetal tissue research, and against the Mexico City policy,
"which denies U.S. foreign aid to programs overseas that promote abortion."

The crux of their position was to place the blame for the problems of
"overpopulation," rampant domestic crime, African starvation, unwed
mothers, etc., on Christianity, rather on the fall of Adam.  Now, this
is not what I had to come to talk about.  But every time I tried to 
bring up the subject of Judaism, they would condemn Jews for Jesus
and admonish me against converting to Judaism, "because it involves
too much study and effort."  And I did not even raise the prospect, nor
try to convert them to the truth of Christ!  There was certainly no
Jewish proselytism going on there.

And again, last November I toured a "traditional" Jewish synagogue and was
subjected to a 30-minute harangue against Jesus and Christianity in
general.  I realize that these are two isolated incidents, and that the
best supervisor I ever had at work is Jewish, but from my experience,
the modern Jew is not known for his proselytism.

 
-- 
boundary
The Apollo program cost something like $25 billion at a time when
the value of a dollar was worth more than it is now. No one would 
take the offer.
Hello,

    I have been searching for a quality image enhancement and
    manipulation package for Unix/X/Motif platforms that is comparable
    to Adobe Photo Shop for the Mac.

    I have not been able to find any, and would appreciate any
    information about such products you could provide.

    I would be particularly interested in software that runs on HP or
    Sun workstations, and does not require special add-in hardware, but
    would also be interested in other solutions.


Thank You.
Wayne

Tsk.tsk. Too much argument on non-issues !
I'm Roman Catholic and it seems to me that people
celebrate Easter and Christmas for itself rather
than how it relates to Jesus. I don't really
care about some diety. If people have some other
definition of Easter, then that's their business.
Don't let it interfere with my Easter.

"Resurrection Sunday" 8-) Where did that come from ?
If people celebrate Easter for the Cadburry bunny,
that's their business. 

: There is a new version of the RTrace ray-tracing package (8.2.0) at
: asterix.inescn.pt [192.35.246.17] in directory pub/RTrace.
: Check the README file.

cant seem to reach the site from over here:

From: "Phil G. Fraering" <pgf@srl03.cacs.usl.edu>

Right, the Profiting Caste is blessed by God, and may 
 freely blare its presence in the evening twilight ..

Hi there,

	Does anyone know about any greek database/word processor that
can do things like count occurrences of a word, letter et al?

	I'm posting this up for a friend who studies greek.

Thanks,

Nico.

P.S.	Can you email as I seldom look into usenet nowadays.
--
+--------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
+--------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
I have a few reprints left of chapters from my book "Visions of the             
Future".  These include reprints of 3 chapters probably of interest to          
readers of this forum, including:                                               
                                                                                
1. Current Techniques and Development of Computer Art, by Franz Szabo           
                                                                                
2. Forging a Career as a Sculptor from a Career as Computer Programmer,         
by Stewart Dickson                                                              
                                                                                
3. Fractals and Genetics in the Future by H. Joel Jeffrey                       
                                                                                
I'd be happy to send out free reprints to researchers for scholarly             
purposes, until the reprints run out.                                           
                                                                                
Just send me your name and address.                                             
Hello, I'm back..

I would first like to thank each and every person who sent me a response (be
it a positive or negative one). I read EVERY letter and thought about 
each one!! 

I got all sorts of responses, from "marry her" to "have nothing ever to 
do with her again"

Through reading the Bible and through a lot of prayer, here is what I have
decided to do.

I sent her a letter today. First, i told her that if she was really serious
about moving away from home to another state that "I would do anything to 
get you here in NC." I told her that I tried to find out if there were 
any new stores planning to be built---but they wouldn't tell me.

About her marraige comment (I'm not gonna call it a proposal, cause
I still don't know if it was a total joke or not) I more or less said
that "Marry me?? Well, get transferred to NC first and then we'll talk :) :)"

Hopefully, what i said could be interpreted either way.

Needless to say, there has been a lot of praying over this...I 
have done a lot of reading about marraige from the Bible. If
she was dead serious about getting married---I wouldn't do it
yet simply b/c she is not (as far as I know to this point) a Christian.
It just wouldn't work w/o God in the marraige as well. I figure
that if God wanrs this to go through--he's kept us in touch for 10 
years now---he can handle one more. If God wants it to happen, it
will happen!

She will be in NC in June meetinf some relatives so I'll get to 
see her...and I'll get a letter from her befoe then so I know
more of what to look forward to.

I guess all I can do now is wait and pray. I have decided not to tell
my folks until I'm totally sure what is going on.

I do ask that everyone that wrote me to please keep this situation
in your prayers..

Finally, I would like to thank EVERYONE who wrote in...

If you have anything else for me...I will be at this email address
for one week. Please tell me anyhting you want...I'm curious
how folks think about what i did.


Thanx

I have heard that the sabbath was originally determined by the phases of
the moon, and had elements of moon worship.  Early stuff, Egyptian in nature.


Acorn Replay running on a 25MHz ARM 3 processor (the ARM 3 is about 20% slower
than the ARM 6) does this in software (off a standard CD-ROM). 16 bit colour at
about the same resolution (so what if the computer only has 8 bit colour
support, real-time dithering too...). The 3D0/O is supposed to have a couple of
DSPs - the ARM being used for housekeeping.


A 25MHz ARM 6xx should clock around 20 ARM MIPS, say 18 flat out. Depends
really on the surrounding system and whether you are talking ARM6x or ARM6xx
(the latter has a cache, and so is essential to run at this kind of speed with
slower memory).

I'll stop saying things there 'cos I'll hopefully be working for ARM after
graduation...

Mike

PS Don't pay heed to what reps from Philips say; if the 3D0/O doesn't beat the
   pants off 3DI then I'll eat this postscript.

No.  The idea was suggested around here during discussions of possible
near-term commercial space activities.  One of the folks involved in those
discussions, a
spacecraft engineer named Preston Carter, passed the suggestion on to 
some entreprenurial types, and Mike Lawson is apparently going ahead with
it.  Preston is now at LLNL, and is working with Space Marketing on 
the sensors that might be carried.

Actually, that sounds unlikely.  I don't know what the launch vehicle
would be, but I would expect it to go on a commercial launcher --
certainly not on the Shuttle -- and the fraction of the cost paid to NASA
for, e.g.,  launch support would probably 
cover NASA's incremental costs pretty well.


No, as noted, LLNL is involved in lightweight sensor design, per 
Clementine and related programs.  I'm sure folks around here would like to 
see a demonstration of a modern inflatable structure, but after all, 
the U.S. did the Echo satellites long ago, and an advertising structure
would not be much closer to an inflatable space station than Echo was
(or a parade balloon, for that matter).

While I happen to personally dislike the idea, mostly because I've got
a background in astronomy, it's hardly vandalism -- it would be a short-lived
intrusion on the night sky, doing no permanent damage and actually hurting
only a small subset of astronomers.  On the other hand, it would certainly
draw attention to space.   

Which, unfortunately, this is not likely to contribute much to.


As far as I know, it's a purely commercial venture.

I gather it is being very seriously discussed with possible advertisers.
Commercial projects, however, generally don't get "funding" -- they
get "customers" -- whether it will have customers remains to be seen.

Nahh.  He's too busy watching for mutant bacteria to notice anything in
the sky :-)


Jordin Kare	jtk@s1.gov	Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
I apologize if this post isn't entirely appropriate for the newsgroup.

   I would like to correspond with any Christians attending the University
of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.  I will be transfering there in August to
complete my Ph.D. and I thought it would be nice to correspond with people
before I moved out.

[Several people were involved in trying to figure out who first used
the phrase "God-shaped hole".  --clh]

"There is a God shaped vacuum in all of us" (or something to that effect) is
generally attributed to Blaise Pascal.
What I want to know is how can you have a God shaped vacuum inside of you if
God is in fact infinite (or omnipresent)?

=========================================================================

There is a wonderful book by Jean Meeus called
"Astronomical Algorithms," (1991) which I am fairly sure
contains an algorithm for sunrise and sunset times.


Dan Asimov
Mail Stop T045-1
NASA Ames Research Center
Moffett Field, CA 94035-1000
My, my, my.  I knew that I would receive a response to my post, but not
THIS extensive.  Thank you to all who responded; it at least showed that
people were willing to think about it, even though the general response was
a return to the same old "Why should it matter?" question.  To those of you
who were a part of this response, I suggest that you read the articles
covering this same question in soc.culture.african.american, for you are in
DIRE need of some cultural enlightenment.

Hasta luego

 > If you know the Latin, one really beautiful way to hear the
 > Passion is its being chanted by three deacons: the Narrator
 > chants in the middle baritone range, Jesus chants in the bass,
 > and others directly quoted are handled by a high tenor.

This is done in English (same music as the traditional Latin) in
many Anglican parishes. I should expect that many RCC parishes would
do likewise.  The ST MATTHEW PASSION and ST JOHN PASSION of J S Bach
are direct offshoots of this tradition

As I heard the story, before Albert came up the the theory
o'relativity and warped space, nobody could account for
Mercury's orbit.  It ran a little fast (I think) for simple
Newtonian physics.  With the success in finding Neptune to
explain the odd movments of Uranus, it was postulated that there
might be another inner planet to explain Mercury's orbit.  

It's unlikely anything bigger than an asteroid is closer to the
sun than Mercury.  I'm sure we would have spotted it by now.
Perhaps some professionals can confirm that.



There were many injustices in the middle ages.  And this is truely sad.
I would hate to see a day when churches put people to death or torchured
them for practicing homosexuality, or any other crime.  The church is not
called to take over the governments of the world.  It may be that homosexuals
treated cruelly today, but that does not mean that we should teach 
Christians to practice homosexual immorality.  Do you think that we should
also teach Christians to practice divination and channelling because
the witches in the middle ages were persecuted.



And you accuse me of judging?  When did you look into my heart and see
if I have love.  I have been writing that we should not teach Christians
to practice homosexual immorality, and you pretend to have divine knowledge
to look into my heart.  I can't say that I love homosexuals as I should-
I can't say that I love my neighbor as I should either.  I don't know
very many homosexuals as it is.  

But Jesus loves homosexuals, just as He loves everyone else.  If His love
were conditional, I not know Him at all.  Yes.  We should show love to 
homosexuals, but it is not love to encourage brothers in the church to 
stumble and continue in their sin.  That is a very damaging and dangerous 
thing.


That is slander.   I could just as easily say  that NAMBLA has been able
to implement legislation to make child molesting easier because of
the tearing down of societies morality due to people accepting homosexuality
as normal, and that this is what you are embracing.  I do believe
that homosexual sex is immoral, that does not mean I endorse using violence
against them.  There is a problem of hatred in the church.  But there
is also the problem of what has been called "unsanctified mercy."
Many in the conservative churches have seen the moral breakdown in 
this country and the storm on the horizon, and have gotten militant in 
the flesh.  This is truely sad.  Yet others in other churches have 
embraced immorality in society, and have pointed to the carnality in the
conservative churches to justify their actions.  


Certainly we should not use a bullwhip to drive people from Jesus.
But we shouldn't water down the gospel to draw people in.  Jesus didn't
go out of His way to show only what might be considered positive aspects
to draw people in.  He told one man to sell all He had.  He told
another not to say good bye to His family.  His words were hard at times.
We should present people with the cost of the tower before we allow them
to begin construction.  many people have already been innoculated to the
gospel.

Link Hudson.




An interesting interpretation of Revelation 17 and 18 has been given by  
evangelist David Wilkerson.  I am not saying that I totally agree with his  
interpretation, but it is certainly believable and good food for thought.  He  
interprets the Babylon of Revelation 17-18 as being none other than the good  
old U. S. of A.  That's right, America.  He supports his claim in several ways.   
The Babylon of Revelation is THE world leader in trade and commerce, and the  
WHOLE WORLD wept when Babylon fell.  The American dollar, despite the Japanese  
success of the 20th century, is STILL the most sought after currency in the  
world.  If the U.S. were destroyed, wouldn't the whole world mourn?  The bible  
also talks about Babylon being a home of harlots, sin, and adultery (I am  
paraphrasing, of course).  Babylon's sin affected, or should I say, infected,  
the whole world.  It doesn't take much looking to see that the U.S. is in a  
state of moral decay.  Hasn't the American culture and Hollywood spread the "do  
it if it feels good" mentality all over the world.  I think, though, that what  
Mr. Wilkerson uses as his strongest argument is the fact that Revelation calls  
Babylon "Babylon the Great" and portrays it as the most powerful nation on  
earth.  No matter how dissatisfied you are with the state of our country, I  
don't think you would have too much trouble agreeing that the U.S. is STILL the  
most powerful nation on earth.

Again, this interpretation is not NECESSARILY my own, but I do find it worthy  
of consideration.
What is the deal with life on Mars?  I save the "face" and heard 
associated theories. (which sound thin to me)

Are we going back to Mars to look at this face agian?
Does anyone buy all the life theories?


I agree with you. Of cause I'll try to be a daemon :-)
[In response to some of the discussions on the Sabbath, Andrew Byler
commented that if we really followed sola scriptura we would worship
on Saturday -- the change to Sunday was a law made by the Church, and
we don't acknowledge its authority to make laws.  I noted that
Protestants do not consider Sunday worship a law.  --clh]

He was not referring to the FAQ but to the five Sabbath Admissions posted
on the bible study group.  This is what prompted someone to send the FAQ
to me.

n> ceremonial law is not binding on Christians.

You cannot show, from scripture, that the weekly Sabbath is part of the
ceremonial laws.   Before you post a text in reply investigate its context.

Can the churches also decide what is and is not sin?  Interesting.  Where
there is no divine imperative of course we must establish rules of
operation.  But we cannot be as creative with what God has explicitly
spoken on.

Darius
------- Blind-Carbon-Copy

To: spacenews@austen.rand.org, cti@austen.rand.org
Subject: White House outlines options for station, Russian cooperation
Date: Tue, 06 Apr 93 16:00:21 PDT
From: Richard Buenneke <buenneke@austen.rand.org>

4/06/93:  GIBBONS OUTLINES SPACE STATION REDESIGN GUIDANCE

NASA Headquarters, Washington, D.C.
April 6, 1993

RELEASE:  93-64

        Dr.  John H.  Gibbons, Director, Office of Science and Technology
Policy, outlined to the members-designate of the Advisory Committee on the
Redesign of the Space Station on April 3, three budget options as guidance
to the committee in their deliberations on the redesign of the space
station.

        A low option of $5 billion, a mid-range option of $7 billion and a
high option of $9 billion will be considered by the committee.  Each
option would cover the total expenditures for space station from fiscal
year 1994 through 1998 and would include funds for development,
operations, utilization, Shuttle integration, facilities, research
operations support, transition cost and also must include adequate program
reserves to insure program implementation within the available funds.

        Over the next 5 years, $4 billion is reserved within the NASA
budget for the President's new technology investment.  As a result,
station options above $7 billion must be accompanied by offsetting
reductions in the rest of the NASA budget.  For example, a space station
option of $9 billion would require $2 billion in offsets from the NASA
budget over the next 5 years.

        Gibbons presented the information at an organizational session of
the advisory committee.  Generally, the members-designate focused upon
administrative topics and used the session to get acquainted.  They also
received a legal and ethics briefing and an orientation on the process the
Station Redesign Team is following to develop options for the advisory
committee to consider.

        Gibbons also announced that the United States and its
international partners -- the Europeans, Japanese and Canadians -- have
decided, after consultation, to give "full consideration" to use of
Russian assets in the course of the space station redesign process.

        To that end, the Russians will be asked to participate in the
redesign effort on an as-needed consulting basis, so that the redesign
team can make use of their expertise in assessing the capabilities of MIR
and the possible use of MIR and other Russian capabilities and systems.
The U.S. and international partners hope to benefit from the expertise of
the Russian participants in assessing Russian systems and technology.  The
overall goal of the redesign effort is to develop options for reducing
station costs while preserving key research and exploration capabilitiaes.
Careful integration of Russian assets could be a key factor in achieving
that goal.

        Gibbons reiterated that, "President Clinton is committed to the
redesigned space station and to making every effort to preserve the
science, the technology and the jobs that the space station program
represents.  However, he also is committed to a space station that is well
managed and one that does not consume the national resources which should
be used to invest in the future of this industry and this nation."

        NASA Administrator Daniel S.  Goldin said the Russian
participation will be accomplished through the East-West Space Science
Center at the University of Maryland under the leadership of Roald
Sagdeev.
I'm not sure if this is the correct place to ask this question.  If not,
please forgive me and point me in the right direction.

Does anybody know of a program that converts .GIF files to .BMP files
and if so, where can I ftp it from?  Any help would be greatly 
appreciated.

Please respond via e-mail as I do not read this group very often.
I am looking for software to run on my brand new Targa+ 16/32. If anyone knows
of any sites which have useful stuff, or if you have any yourself you want to
give, let me know via mail. Thanks a LOT! Yayayay!
                                     jamie@ddsw1.mcs.com


Let me tell you my story.
I grew up catholic. Up until I was 14, it wasn't an issue for me. Then I met
a born-again christian, a very sweet person, not proseletyzing(sp?), not 
imposing. I tried to get into being as christian as I could, as I felt I 
'should'.

But the more I tried, the more depressed I got. I felt guilty for some of my
own personal, honest feelings. I tried so hard to reconcile this conflict.
until I was 23.

Then I taught myself to think rationally. I read a lot of books, pro and con 
religion in general and, specifically, catholicism. I came to a crisis point,
then it finally clicked and now I am a staunch atheist. 

This is a very loose explanation, but it's the gist of it.

Now, (at 26) I feel better about myself, better self-esteem, a generally 
stronger person. I have well-defined goals. I have a strong and stable sense 
of morals and values. I am not a neo-nazi or a corrupt politicain, etc. I 
believe in human rights and 'live and let live' among other things. I am very 
anti-violent and anti-hatred. (This is to debunk the myth that atheists are
depraved.)
Religion has no place in my system.
Tough.

Bertrand Russell said that we cannot *know* god doesn't exist, we can't prove 
it. So, in that sense, we can only truly be agnostic. But, for all practical
purposes there is no god.


   I'm on a fact-finding mission, trying to find out if there exists a list of
   potentially world-bearing stars within 100 light years of the Sun...
   Is anyone currently working on this sort of thing?  Thanks...

   Dan
   -- 

In principle, any star resembling the Sun (mass, luminosity) might have planets
located in a suitable orbit. There several within 100 ly of the sun. They are
single stars, for double or multiple systems might be troublesome. There's a
list located at ames.arc.nasa.gov somewhere in pub/SPACE. I think it is called
stars.dat. By the way, what kind of project, if I may know?

Rui
-- 
*** Infinity is at hand!                               Rui Sousa
*** If yours is big enough, grab it!                   ruca@saber-si.pt
{I sent in something on this before but I believe it got lost in the
weekend accident the moderator described.  This is an improved
version anyway so no loss the first time.  HL}

The standard work on detecting forgeries of ancient documents 
is probably the writing of Friedrich Blass, "Hermeneutrik und 
Kritik," _Einleitende und Hilfsdisziplinen_, vol 1 of
_Handbuch der Klassischen Altertums- wissenshaft_ (Noerdlingen:
Beck, 1886).  Portions of this are described in Nibley, _The 
Prophetic Book op Mormon_, pp 219-242 (SLC:  Deseret Book, 1989).
(If you want to attempt reading this be forewarned.  Nibley
describes Blass as a typical German scholar who claims little
knowledge of his subject, then proceeds to exhaust both the subject
and the reader.)  Nibley's extract from Blass's work is in the form
of "rules for forgers."  It makes interesting reading.

I confess that I have not read Blass's work, only Nibley's extract
thereof.  My German falls far short of what would be required and
as far as I know there is no English translation available.  However,
I believe the techniques he describes are known widely enough that 
any competent classical scholar could examine a purportedly ancient
document and at least determine if it is consistent with what one 
would expect of a genuine document of that time frame.  We will not 
be able to prove who wrote it but at least we should be able to 
determine with reasonable confidence if it is from that time and 
culture or is a later forgery.

Actually there are 2 types of purportedly ancient documents:

1.  Alleged actual holographs or early copies thereof.  For example
the Dead Sea Scrolls.  These can be tested by various scientific
means to determine the age of the paper, inks, and objects found
with them.  This can provide a pretty clear dating of the actual
physical objects.

2.  Documents claiming to be copies of ancient works although the
copy itself may be much more recent.  For example we might find a
document which monks in a monastary claim is a copy of something
from centuries ago (perhaps even having been through several
generations of copists).  This is more of a problem but can still 
be tested (although the test is not likely to be simple).  We cannot
expect a test of the age of the physical objects to tell us much so
we must confine our testing to the text itself.

It is important to remember that none of these tests can tell us if
the document is really what it claims to be.  They can only date the
document and identify its culture of origin.  For example I've heard
of a letter supposed to have been written by Jesus himself to a king
in what is now Iraq.  If this document were to actually turn up
scholars could date the paper and ink (assuming they have the
holograph).  They could check the language, content and writing
style to see if they are consistent with what would be expected of a
Palestinian Jew of that time.  However even if all test results were
positive there is no way to determine if Jesus himself actually
wrote it.  We would know what time and culture it came from but
(barring a known sample of Jesus handwriting or other clues for 
comparison) scholarship must stop there.  There is seldom any way to
determine who the actual author was.

As I say, I'm no expert on Blas's work.  I do remember some of the
tests which can be applied to alleged copies of ancient works.  
Specifically we might ask:

1.  Is the document internally consistent?  Does it contradict
itself?  If the work it is short it would be relatively easy to 
maintain internal consistency, even if it is a forgery.  The 
longer the forgery the more difficult it is to maintain consistency.
For this reason most successful forgers stick to short documents.

2.  Is it consistent with the history and geography of the time?
Again a short, non-specific work might not be testable but if the
writing is of any significant length no latter-day forger would be
able to escape detection.  Here we look for the minor, inconspicuous
things which someone from that culture would get right without even
thinking about it but which a later forger would find too numerous 
and trivial to check.  The devil is in the details.

3.  What about the literary style of the work, figures of speech
etc.  Any ancient writer would almost certainly speak in ways that 
seem strange to us.  Are there any such odd phrases in this book?  
If so do they fit in with the culture?

Of course there are complications if the document has been
translated, or possibly even if somebody just updated language
when he copied it.  A few cases of language not from the culture
claimed may be allowed in recent copies.  They cause problems and
reduce certainty to be sure but don't necessarily prove forgery.

These tests can be quite effective (given enough material to work 
with) but they are not easy.  They require the skills of the 
historian, the linguist, the anthropologist etc.  The questions to 
ask are, "Is every aspect of this document consistent with what we 
know about the culture of claimed origin?"  If there are things 
which don't fit how significant are they?  Are problem areas due to
our lack of knowledge, later changes by copists or are they really 
significant?  There will often be some ambiguity since we never
know everything about the culture.
You have missed something.  There is a big difference between being in
the SAME PLANE and in exactly the same state (positions and velocities
equal).  IN addition to this, there has always been redundancies proposed.

Bob
--
Does anyone out there have any JPEG decompression code in pretty much any
language that I can read and understand?  I have trouble understanding the
JPEG Group's code that I got from an FTP site.  If any one can send me
some good code, I will appreciate it a lot!  Thanks!

[..]


Hello.  Firstly, what do you exactly mean by "fundamentalist"?  I will
for the time being assume that what you mean is that your friend believes
that the bible is God's word to mankind?  I suspect that what happened
to him is what he'll call being "born again"?  Anyway, was that recent?
If the answer is "yes" to all the questions above, it is quite
understandable.  However, IMO, I'ld rather give advice to your friend!
I think I've been through something similar to him, and one thing I can
say is that the basic problem is that each of you are now trying to
communicate from different worldviews.  Why he talks about those things
is because they are now "obvious" to him.  What is "obvious" to him is
not obvious to you.  Secondly, why he may be very persuasive is because
from his point of view, he has been on "both sides of the fence".  This
I mean that before he turned "fundamentalist", you two are agreeable
because both of you see things from the same side.  If suddenly, as if
a new world of reality has suddenly opened up to him, it is like the
discovery of let's say a new continent, or a new planet.  To him, he's
got to tell you because he has seen something much more wonderful than
where he was, and what he thinks is much better than where you are now.
You have got to realise that from his point of view, he means well to
you, eventhough he may end up offending you.  To him, it is worth that
risk.  Nevertheless, it is really up to him to respect where you stand
and listen to you as well.  At this moment, it may be difficult because
he is either very excited or feel it is too urgent to keep quiet about,
however, he may not realise that he's really putting you off.

[...]


So far, I've only been trying to explain things from his side.  However,
I do understand how you feel too, because I wasn't a Christian for a good
part of my life as well.  I was quite turned off by Christians or
"fundamentalists" who were really all out and enthusiastic about their
faith.  They really scared me, to tell you the truth.  Unfortunately,
"religious belief" is a very personal thing, just as your agnosticism
is also a very personal thing to you.  Since the Christian belief is
inevitably at odds with anything non-Christian (religious or otherwise),
it will be a touchy matter.  Like all friendships, it will take both
sides to do their part to make it work.  In this matter, maybe you can
do your part by telling him nicely that you are not able to dig what he's
trying to convince you about, that it's beyond you or not your concern
"for now".  Don't tell him it's nonsense, because to him it is reality -
and that would be a real insult.  He'll also have to be careful not to
insult where you stand too.

Like I said before, I wish I could give your friend some advice too.
I'll admit that I did similarly to some of my friends when I became a
Christian.  In some ways, I wish I could have done things a little
differently.  However, it was difficult then because I was so excited
and just blabbered away about what I've found!  To me, it was too good
not to know.  To some, I was crazy, and I didn't really care most of
the time what they thought.  You will probably think he's crazy too -
but God is very real to him, as real as you are to him.  Keep that in
mind.  And he thinks he can convince you because since God is so real
to him, he doesn't see why God can't be real to you too.

I don't know how helpful this is to you.  But all the best anyhow -
this is quite a challenge for you to face.  By the way, personal
conviction: nobody is "beyond saving" except the one we call the 
devil and his hosts.



	They did the rollout already??!?  I am going to have to pay more
attention to the news.  Are any of the gifs headed for wuarchive??
 

Patrick


I have before me a pertinent report from the United States General
Accounting Office:

National Aero-Space Plane: Restructuring Future Research and Development
Efforts
December 1992
Report number GAO/NSIAD-93-71

In the back it lists the following related reports:

NASP: Key Issues Facing the Program (31 Mar 92) GAO/T-NSIAD-92-26

Aerospace Plane Technology: R&D Efforts in Japan and Australia
(4 Oct 91) GAO/NSIAD-92-5

Aerospace Plane Technology: R&D Efforts in Europe (25 July 91)
GAO/NSIAD-91-194

Aerospace Technology: Technical Data and Information on Foreign
Test Facilities (22 Jun 90) GAO/NSIAD-90-71FS

Investment in Foreign Aerospace Vehicle Research and Technological
Development Efforts (2 Aug 89) GAO/T-NSIAD-89-43

NASP: A Technology Development and Demonstration Program to Build
the X-30 (27 Apr 88) GAO/NSIAD-88-122


On the inside back cover, under "Ordering Information" it says

"The first copy of each GAO report is free.  . . .  Orders
may also be placed by calling (202)275-6241
"

Dani

I am curious if anyone in net-land has spent any time at any of the L'Abri
houses throughout the world and what the experience was like, how it affected
you, etc.  Especially interesting would be experiences at the original L'Abri
in Switzerland and personal interactions with Francis and/or Edith Schaeffer.

By '8 grey level images' you mean 8 items of 1bit images?
It does work(!), but it doesn't work if you have more than 1bit
in your screen and if the screen intensity is non-linear.

With 2 bit per pixel; there could be 1*c_1 + 4*c_2 timing,
this gives 16 levels, but they are linear if screen intensity is
linear.
With 1*c_1 + 2*c_2 it works, but we have to find the best
compinations -- there's 10 levels, but 16 choises; best 10 must be
chosen. Different compinations for the same level, varies a bit, but
the levels keeps their order.

Readers should verify what I wrote... :-)
From: <tom>
Subject: computer cult

From scott Fri Apr 23 16:31:21 1993
Received: by igc.apc.org (4.1/Revision: 1.77 )
	id AA16121; Fri, 23 Apr 93 16:31:09 PDT
Date: Fri, 23 Apr 93 16:31:09 PDT
Message-Id: <9304232331.AA16121@igc.apc.org>
From: Scott Weikart <scott>
Sender: scott
To: cdplist
Subject: Next stand-off?
Status: R

Redwood City, CA (API) -- A tense stand-off entered its third week
today as authorities reported no progress in negotiations with
charismatic cult leader Steve Jobs.

Negotiators are uncertain of the situation inside the compound, but
some reports suggest that half of the hundreds of followers inside
have been terminated.  Others claim to be staying of their own free
will, but Jobs' persuasive manner makes this hard to confirm.

In conversations with authorities, Jobs has given conflicting
information on how heavily prepared the group is for war with the
industry.  At times, he has claimed to "have hardware which will blow
anything else away", while more recently he claims they have stopped
manufacturing their own.

Agents from the ATF (Apple-Taligent Forces) believe that the group is
equipped with serious hardware, including 486-caliber pieces and
possibly Canon equipment.

The siege has attracted a variety of spectators, from the curious to
other cultists.  Some have offered to intercede in negotiations,
including a young man who will identify himself only as "Bill" and
claims to be the "MS-iah".

Former members of the cult, some only recently deprogrammed, speak
hesitantly of their former lives, including being forced to work
20-hour days, and subsisting on Jolt and Twinkies.  There were
frequent lectures in which they were indoctrinated into a theory of
"interpersonal computing" which rejects traditional roles.

Late-night vigils on Chesapeake Drive are taking their toll on
federal marshals.  Loud rock and roll, mostly Talking Heads, blares
throughout the night.  Some fear that Jobs will fulfill his own
apocalyptic prophecies, a worry reinforced when the loudspeakers
carry Jobs' own speeches -- typically beginning with a chilling "I
want to welcome you to the 'Next World' ".


So does that mean that anyone who is a Christian to avoid Hell isn't really
a Christian at all? It sounds like it to me.

Mit Liebe in Christus,
 Martyn R. Mellodew. (u0mrm@compsci.liverpool.ac.uk)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Martyn R. Mellodew,                |     E-mail: u0mrm@compsci.liverpool.ac.uk
Department of Applied Mathematics  |     ARPA/Internet: u0mrm@csc.liv.ac.uk
  and Theoretical Physics,         |     JANET:         u0mrm@uk.ac.liv.csc
The University of Liverpool,       |
P.O. Box 147,                      | 
Liverpool,                         |
England,                           | 
L69 9BX.                           |     `Dubito ergo Deus est.'
Hello src readers,

Again the misconception that Copts among other Oriental Orthodox
Churches believe in Monophysitism pops up again. We had a discussion
about it a while ago. 


Then OFM comments :


With my appreciation to the moderator, I believe that further elaboration
is needed. This is an excerpt from an article featured in the first issue
of the Copt-Net Newsletter :

Under the authority of the Eastern Roman Empire of Constantinople (as opposed
to the western empire of Rome), the Patriarchs and Popes of Alexandria played
leading roles in  Christian theology.  They were  invited everywhere to speak
about the Christian faith. St. Cyril, Pope of Alexandria, was the head of the
Ecumenical Council which was held in Ephesus in the year 430 A.D. It was said
that the bishops of the Church of Alexandria did nothing but spend  all their
time in meetings. This leading role, however, did not fare well when politics
started to intermingle with  Church affairs.  It all started when the Emperor
Marcianus interfered with matters of faith in the Church. The response of St.
Dioscorus, the Pope of Alexandria who was later  exiled, to this interference
was clear: "You have nothing to do with the Church."  These political motives
became even more  apparent in Chalcedon  in 451, when the Coptic  Church  was
unfairly  accused of following  the  teachings of  Eutyches, who believed  in
monophysitism. This  doctrine maintains that the  Lord Jesus Christ  has only
one nature, the divine, not two natures, the human as well as the divine.

The Coptic  Church   has never  believed  in  monophysitism  the way   it was
portrayed in the Council of Chalcedon!  In  that Council, monophysitism meant
believing in one  nature.  Copts   believe that the Lord   is perfect in  His
divinity,  and He   is perfect in  His humanity,  but  His  divinity  and His
humanity were united in one nature called "the nature of the incarnate word",
which was reiterated by St. Cyril of Alexandria.  Copts, thus, believe in two
natures "human" and   "divine"  that are   united in   one "without mingling,
without confusion, and without alteration" (from the  declaration of faith at
the end of the Coptic divine liturgy).  These  two  natures "did not separate
for a moment or the twinkling of an eye" (also from  the declaration of faith
at the end of the Coptic divine liturgy).

The  Coptic Church was  misunderstood in the 5th century  at the  Council  of
Chalcedon.  Perhaps the Council  understood   the Church correctly, but  they
wanted to exile the  Church,   to  isolate it  and to  abolish the  Egyptian,
independent Pope. Despite  all of this,  the Coptic Church  has remained very
strict  and steadfast in its faith.   Whether it was   a  conspiracy from the
Western Churches to exile the Coptic Church  as a  punishment for its refusal
to be politically influenced, or whether Pope Dioscurus  didn't  quite go the
extra  mile to  make the  point that  Copts  are not  monophysite, the Coptic
Church has always felt a mandate  to reconcile "semantic" differences between
all  Christian  Churches.   This is   aptly  expressed by the  current  117th
successor  of  St. Mark, Pope Shenouda III:  "To the  Coptic Church, faith is
more  important  than  anything, and   others  must know that  semantics  and
terminology are of  little importance to us."  Throughout this  century,  the
Coptic Church has played  an important role  in the ecumenical  movement. The
Coptic Church is one of the founders of the World Council of Churches. It has
remained a member of that  council  since 1948 A.D.   The Coptic Church is  a
member  of the all  African Council of Churches  (AACC)  and the  Middle East
Council of  Churches (MECC).  The Church    plays an  important role   in the
Christian   movement   by   conducting dialogues   aiming  at  resolving  the
theological differences with the  Catholic, Greek Orthodox, Presbyterian, and
Evangelical Churches.

[...]

As a final note, the Oriental Orthodox and Eastren Orthodox did sign
a common statement of Christology, in which the heresey of Monophysitism
was condemned. So the Coptic Orthodox Church does not believe in
Monophysitism.

Peace,

Nabil

          .-------------------------------------------------------------.
         /  Nabil Ayoub                        ____/   __  /    ____/  /
        /  Engine Research Center             /       /   /    /      /
       /  Dept. of Mechanical Engineering    ___/    __  /    /      /
      /  University of Wisconsin-Madison    /       /   |    /      /
     /  Email:ayoub@erctitan.me.wisc.edu  _____/ __/   _|  _____/  /
    '-------------------------------------------------------------'

[As I mentioned in a brief apology, the comment quoted above from me
is confused.  I appear to say that Nestorius was monophysite.  As
Andrew Byler correctly stated it, the Nestorians and monophysites were
actually opposite parties.  The point I was making, which Nabil
explains in some detail, is that some groups that have been considered
heretical probably aren't.

Chalcedon was a compromise between two groups, the Alexandrians and
Antiochenes.  It adopted language that was intended to be acceptable
to moderates in both camps, while ruling out the extremes.  I agree
that there were extremes that were heretical.  However in the course
of the complex politics of the time, it appears that some people got
rejected who didn't intend heresy, but simply used language that was
not understood or even was mispresented.  And some seem not to have
jointed in the compromise for reasons other than doctrine.  There are
groups descended from both of the supposedly heretical camps.  This
posting discussed the descendants of the Alexandrians.  There are also
a remaining Nestorians.  Like some of the current so-called
monophysites, there is reason to believe that the current so-called
Nestorians are not heretical either.  They sheltered Nestorius from
what they saw as unfair treatment, but claim they did not adopt his
heresies, and in fact seem to follow more moderate representatives of
the Antiochene tradition.


Why must it be a US Government Space Launch Pad? Directly I mean..
I know of a few that could launch a small package into space.
Not including Ariadne, and the Russian Sites.. I know "Poker Flats" here in
Alaska, thou used to be only sounding rockets for Auroral Borealous(sp and
other northern atmospheric items, is at last I heard being upgraded to be able
to put sattelites into orbit. 

Why must people in the US be fixed on using NASAs direct resources (Poker Flats
is runin part by NASA, but also by the Univesity of Alaska, and the Geophysical
Institute). Sounds like typical US cultural centralism and protectionism..
And people wonder why we have the multi-trillion dollar deficite(sp).
Yes, I am working on a spell checker..
They need a hit software product to encourage software sales of the product,
i.e. the Pong, Pacman, VisiCalc, dBase, or Pagemaker of multi-media.
There are some multi-media and digital television products out there already,
albeit, not as capable as 3DO's.  But are there compelling reasons to buy
such yet?  Perhaps someone in this news group will write that hit software :-)

: I may be wrong, but wasn't Jeff Fenholt part of Black Sabbath?  He's a
: MAJOR brother in Christ now.  He totally changed his life around, and
: he and his wife go on tours singing, witnessing, and spreading the
: gospel for Christ.  I may be wrong about Black Sabbath, but I know he
: was in a similar band if it wasn't that particular group...

   Yes, but Jeff also speaks out against listening to bands like Black
Sabbath. He says they're into all sorts of satanic stuff. I don't know.
My family has never been particularly religious - singing Christmas
carols is about the limit for them. Thus I've never really believed in God and
heaven, although I don't actually believe that they don't exist either -
I'm sort of undecided, probably like a lot of people I guess.
        Lately I've been thinking about it all a lot more, and I wondered how
religious people can be so convinced that there is a God. I feel as though
I want to believe, but I'm not used to believing things without proof -
just as I can't believe that there definitely isn't a God, so I can't
definitely believe that there is. I wondered if most of you were brought up by
religious families and never believed any different. Can anyone help me to
understand how your belief and faith in God can be so strong.

        Another question that frequently crosses my mind is which religion is
correct?? How do you choose a religion, and how do you know that the Christian
God exists and the Gods of other religions don't?? How do you feel about
people who follow other religions?? How about atheists?? And people like me -
agnostics I suppose. Do you respect their religion, and accept their
beliefs as just as valid as your own?? Isn't there contradiction between
the religions?? How can your religion be more valid than any others?? Do
you have less respect for someone if they're not religious, or if they follow
a different religion than you would if they were Christian??

        Also, how much of the scriptures are correct?? Are all events in
the bible really supposed to have happened, or are they just supposed to be
stories with morals showing a true Christian how to behave??

        I generally follow most of the Christian ideas, which I suppose are
fairly universal throughout all religions - not killing, stealing, etc, and
'Loving my neighbour' for want of a better expression. The only part I find
hard is the actual belief in God.

        Finally, what is God's attitude to people like me, who don't quite
believe in Him, but are generally fairly 'good' people. Surely not
believing doesn't make me a worse person?? If not, I find myself wondering why
I so strongly want to really believe, and to find a religion.

        Sorry if I waffled on a bit - I was just writing ideas as they came
into my head. I'm sure I probably repeated myself a bit too.

                        Thanks for the help,
                                Paul Simmons
Jesus:




Black and white.  A spade is a spade.  There is no hidden
agenda behind this, so stop trying to look for one.   It is an
easy and as straight forward as it reads.

Kent, I am not accusing you of evil things.  Jesus is accusing you.
And it is not only you that He is accusing.  He is accusing everyone.
Me, you and everyone in the world is guilty.  Whether one
sees the light or does not seen the light has nothing to do with 
whether we do evil things.  We do them regardless.  

Jesus uses the word "men".  I am included.  Jesus is not soloing you out.
Jesus is making a general statement about out the sad state of man.
Christians are not immuned from doing evil things.  A Christian 
is just a person in whom the Holy Spirit indwells.  A Christian 
can see the evil he is doing--because his evil has been brought
out into the light.  Jesus is not saying that just because evil has been
exposed, that the Christian will stop doing evil.  If you haven't
seen Jesus's light, your evil deeds simply haven't been
exposed to the His light.  You may shed some light on your
own.  Your human spirit shines at perhaps 1 candela.  But the
Holy Spirit shines at a Megacandela.  The Holy Spirit can
shine light into places inside us where we didn't even know
existed. 

So do you see Jesus's point?  Christians are not perfect.  Nonchristians
are not perfect.  Nonchristians do not want to come into the
Light of Jesus because they will see all the problems in their lives,
and they will not like the sight.  It is an ugly thing to see how far
we have fallen from Jesus's perspective.  Do you think you want to
know how really ignorant you are?  Do you think Brian Kendig wants
to know?  Do you think I want to know?  Ego verses the truth,
which do you choose?


And I watched Koresh too, an imposter who thought he saw the light, 
who made sure that the 19 children burned to death, sadly, as part
of his delusion.  It is even sadder that the people who
died with him chose to die with them, and that ignorance was
their downfall to death. 

And Kent, don't you bury yourself underneath a rock with an
excuse like bringing up Koresh--as if Koresh actually had truth in him.
David Koresh was no light and no excuse for
you to stay away from the real Jesus Christ.  David Koresh, who
claimed to be Jesus, was a fraud.  It was obvious.  David Koresh
was born in America. Jesus was born in Bethlehem.  Koresh wasn't
even a good imposter having missed an obvious point as that.

Jesus warned of such imposters in the end-times.  David
Koresh wasn't anything new to Jesus.  Jesus told us to be
aware of imposters 2000 years ago.  

So the next time an imposter makes a scene and claims to
be Jesus.  Ask the obvious.  Where were you born?  Was your
mother's name Mary?  If the Branch Davidians asked that
simple question, they would have labeled Koresh a liar
right from the start.  The wouldn't have followed Koresh.
They wouldn't have died.  But look what happened.  Their
ignorance cost them their lives.  Their choice to be ignorant
cost them a lot.

Kent, since you studied the Bible under Lutheranism, do you
not remember what tactic Satan used to try to tempt Jesus?  
Did not Satan quote the Bible out of context?  Do you
remember what tactic the serpent of Genesis used to tempt
Eve?  Did he not misquote God?  What Satan used on Eve and succeeded, 
was the same ploy he tried on Jesus.  But in Jesus's case,
Jesus rebuked Satan back with the Bible _in_ context.  It
didn't work with Jesus.  

Does what Satan did to Eve in the Garden and what Satan
tried to do with Jesus in the desert remind you of what
Koresh did to his followers?  Who did Koresh emulate?
Who was Koresh's teacher?  Koresh did to his followers what
Satan did to Eve.  Did not Koresh kill his followersr?  Did
not Satan cause Adam and Eve to die as well?  Did not
the cult followers believe Koresh even though they knew
the real Christ was born in Bethlehem?   Did not Eve
choose to eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and
evil despite knowing that it would cause her death?  God
held them all responsible--deceiver and the rebeller.  None 
of them had an excuse.  




Hi, I've come across a fast triangle fill-draw routine for mode 13h.  By
calling this routine enough times, you have a fast polygon drawing routine.

I think I ftp'ed from wuarchive.wustl.edu:/pub/MSDOS_UPLOADS/programming.
I have a copy of it so I reupload it there.  The triangle.txt file has this
to say :



You're assuming that the low-cost delivery system has to be a separate
project.  But why?  If you are spending hundreds of millions of dollars
in hopes of winning a billion-dollar prize, it is *cheaper* to develop
your own launch system, charging its entire development cost against
your contest entry, than to try to do it with existing launchers.  No
other demand is necessary.


You're assuming that it's going to take a decade to build a new launch
system.  But why?  The Saturn V took less than six years, depending on
exactly when you date its start.  Pegasus took about three from project
start to first flight.  Before SDIO chickened out on orbital development,
the target date for an orbital DC-Y flight was 1996.  If you really want
speed, consider that the first prototypes of the Thor missile (still in
service as the core of the Delta launcher) shipped to the USAF less
than 18 months after the development go-ahead.

See the article "An Efficient Ray-Polygon Intersection," p. 390 in
Graphics Gems (ISBN 0-12-286165-5).  The second step, intersecting the
polygon, does what you want.  There is sample code in the book.

							spl



You can include postscript epsi files in xfig (encapsulated postscript
info files). You can't actually edit the postscript file, but you're able
to draw over the postscript file.

There a eps to epsi converter: eps2epsi (perl program),

Succes,

I would guess not.  Dr. Neil Gehrels of CGRO is the son of Dr. Tom
Gehrels of the University of Arizona.  Since he's long had research
interests in asteroids and other solar-system astronomy, Tom is the
one more likely to have discovered  a comet (and thus had his name
attached to it).

Tom Gehrels is a leader in the Spacewatch project, which has recently
increased mankind's discovery rate on near-Earth asteroids (they're
finding a couple every month).  For much more on this interesting guy,
read his autobiography, *On a Glassy Sea*.

A lot of people won't agree with me.  That's their right and I respect that.
However, to the point, Jews are also covered by the saving grace of Jesus
Christ.  There are Jews who have become Christians.
Subject: Re: Seeking Christian opinion, all sorts.
From: Rob Steele, rsteele@adam.ll.mit.edu
Date: 5 May 93 06:52:54 GMT


One day a few years ago Franky Schaeffer walked into a Greek Orthodox
Church.  He is now an Orthodox Christian.  So is his mother and if his
father, Fransis Schaeffer, had not passed away he too would have come
into the church.  
Franky, like many Americans who have recently found the Orthodox church,
described the experience as finally coming home after a long jouney
through a desert.  You should also read the book "Becoming Orthodox" by
Peter Gillquist.  It describes the long journey of some 2000 weary
Evangelical Protestants to the Orthodox church.   Come taste and see how
good the Lord is.
This is being posted as a general outline for your personal study of this 
doctrine:


                        THE DOCTRINE OF GOD


I.   THE PERSONS OF THE GODHEAD
     Of all of the doctrines of Scripture, this is the most
     important.  The Bible is pre-eminently a revelation of God. 
     Therefore, our first objective in studying the Bible should
     be to know God.
     I believe that the Bible teaches that there are Three
     Persons in the Godhead (Trinity):  God, the Father; God the
     Son--the Lord Jesus Christ; and God, the Holy Spirit.  I
     believe that they are individual Persons who are one in
     nature, meaning that They are identical in nature, each
     possessing the same divine attributes.  They are also
     equally worthy of our worship, our trust, and our obedience.
     Cf. Matt.28:19, 2 Cor.13:14; John 14:8,9,16,17.

II.  THE ATTRIBUTES, or CHARACTERISTICS, OF THE GODHEAD.
     A.  God's nature is revealed in the Name He has taken for
         Himself: Jehovah.  He is the living God, eternal, and
         unchanging.  He is without beginning, and without
         ending.  Cf. Isa.42:8.
     B.  God is a spirit.  Cf. John 4:24.
     C.  God is love.  Cf. 1 John 4:8,16.
         As such, He is gracious, merciful, good, faithful,
         patient, and full of lovingkindness.  Cf. Psa 89:1,2;
         Psa 103:8; Nahum 1:7.
     D.  But God is also holy and righteous.  He is absolutely
         without sin in His nature, and so is incapable of
         sinning in though, word, or action.  Cf. Ex. 15:11; Isa.
         6:3.
     E.  God is omnipresent (everywhere present at the same time
         in the completeness of His Person), omniscient (all
         knowing, knowing all things--the end from the beginning,
         infinitely wise), omnipotent (almighty, sovereign, with
         unlimited power over all creation).
         God is infinite in His presence, wisdom, and power.  It
         is my conviction that the work of the Lord in our day
         has become very man-centered, and that the people in our
         churches know very little about God.  I believe that the
         Lord's work needs to be God-centered, and that the
         people of God need to understand that God is sovereign
         in all things:  in the affairs of nations, in the lives
         of all people, and in the carrying out of His purposes
         regarding salvation.

III.     THE WORKS OF THE GODHEAD.
     A.  In creation
          All Three Persons of the Godhead were active in
          creating, and all Three are active in sustaining
          creation, and in ordering the course of human affairs
          (for nations as well as individual people) to the end
          of time.  Cf. Gen. 1:1,2; John 1:1-3; Col. 1:16-17;
          Heb. 1:3.
     B.  In salvation
         In order to understand salvation I believe that it is
         absolutely necessary to begin with God, not with man. 
         All three Persons of the Godhead have been, and are,
         active in salvation.
         1.  God, the Father
             Salvation originated with God.  The Members of the
             Godhead determined in eternity past that there would
             be salvation, the conditions under which people
             could and would be saved, and even who would be
             saved.  Election to salvation is recognized in
             Scripture as the work of  God, the Father.  Cf. Eph
             1:3-4; 2 Thess 2:13-14.
         2.  Christ, the Son of God
             The Lord Jesus Christ, through His birth by the
             virgin Mary, came to the earth to accomplish two
             important works:
             a.   He came as the final and complete revelation of
                  God, the Father.  Cf. Col 1:15; heb 1:1-3.
             b.   He came to provide salvation for all whom the
                  Father had chosen.  He did this by His death on
                  the Cross, by His bodily resurrection, and by
                  His present intercessory work in heaven.  The
                  work of salvation will be completed for us when
                  the Lord returns.  Cf. Rom 5:8-10; 1 Cor 15:3-
                  4; Heb 7:25, 1 John 3:2.
         3.  The Holy Spirit
             As the Author of Scripture, the theme of which is
             Christ and His redemptive work, the Holy Spirit is
             carrying out the redemptive plan of God in the
             following ways:
             a.   He convicts of sin. Cf. John 16:7-11
             b.   He regenerates (known in the Bible as the new
                  birth).  Cf. John 3:5-8.
             c.   He indwells each believer to fulfill the work
                  of sanctification.  Cf. John 14-16-17.
             d.   He seals every believer in Christ, thus making 
                  salvation secure.  Cf. Eph 1:13-14.
             e.   He baptizes every believer into the body of
                  Christ.  Cf. Cor. 12:13
             f.   He teaches every believer the truth of
                  Scripture. Cf. John 14:26.
             g.   He bestows spiritual gifts on the people of 
                  God for ministry.  (Cf. 1 Cor 12
             h.   He restrains sin.  Cf Gal 5:16-26.
             i.   He empowers for living and for service.  
                  Cf. Acts 1:8


[Lots of stuff about how the commerical moonbase=fantasyland]

Then what do you believe will finally motivate people to leave the  
earth?  I'm not trying to flame you.  I just want to know where you  
stand.

-Chuck
---
*******************************************************************

	Chuck Chung				(919) 660-2539 (O)
	Duke University Dept. of Physics	(919) 684-1517 (H)
	Durham, N.C.      27706			cchung@phy.duke.edu
	
	"If pro is the opposite of con, 
		then what is the opposite of progress?"

There seem to be many points to the speaking in tongues thing which
are problematic.  It's use as prayer language seems especially troubling
to me.  I understand that when you pray in tongues, the spirit is doing
the talking.  And when you pray, you pray to God.  And the Spirit is
God.  So, the Spirit is talking to Himself.  Which is why I only go
by the Pentecost use where it's an actual language.

Moreover, the phrase "though I speak with the tongues of men and angels"
used by Paul in I Cor. is misleading out of context.   Some would then
assume that there is some angelic tongue, and if when they speak, it
is no KNOWN language, then it is an angelic tongue.

Hmmm...in the old testament story about the tower of Babel, we see how
God PUNISHED by giving us different language.  Can we assume then that
if angels have their own language at all, that they have the SAME one
amongst other angels?  After all, THEY were not punished in any manner.

So why do these supposed angelic tongues all sound different FROM ONE
ANOTHER?  It's disturbing to think that some people find ways to 
justify jabbering.

But I'll buy the idea that someone could talk in a language never learned.

Trouble is, while such stories abound, any and all attempts at
verification (and we are to test the spirit...) either show that
the witness had no real idea of the circumstances, or that outright
fabrication was involved.  The Brother Puka story in a previous post
seems like a "friend of a friend" thing.  And linguistically, a two
syllable word hardly qualifies as language, inflection or no.


Why would you say "especially Christianity"?

Note the Followup-To: header ...


On my SVR4 Amiga Unix box, I've got -lform, -lmenu, and -lpanel for
use with the curses library.  Guess what they provide? :-)

Unix Press, ie. Prentice-Hall, has a programmer's guide for these
tools, referred to as the FMLI (Forms Mgmt Language Interface) and
ETI (Extended Terminal Interface), now in it's 2nd edition.  It is
ISBN 0-13-020637-7.

Paraphrased from the outside back cover:

    FMLI is a high-level programming tool for creating menus, forms,
    and text frames.  ETI is a set of screen management library
    subroutines that promote fast development of application programs
    for window, panel, menu, and form manipulation.

The FMLI is a shell package which reads ascii text files and produces
screen displays for data entry and presentation.  It consists of a
"shell-like" environment of the "fmli" program and it's database
files.  It is section 1F in the Unix Press manual.

The ETI are subroutines, part of the 3X manual section, provide
support for a multi-window capability on an ordinary ascii terminal
with controls built on top of the curses library.


Suggestion: try "Exposing the New Age" by Douglas Groothuis.

Greetings,

Probably a tired old horse, but...  maybe with a slightly different
twist.  I wanted to know if there are any good English-language texts
for learning ancient Hebrew, and how these compare with German
educational texts qualitywise, if anybody has an idea.  I can't figure
out if I should buy one here for later study or wait until I get back to
the U.S.

Something I find interesting about studying theology in Germany is the
fact that the students get their ancient language-learning out of the
way early [I'm not a theology student, but I spend a lot of time with
such folks] in their careers.  They take the first two years or so to just
do Greek and Latin and Hebrew [possibly Aramaic, too--who knows].
What's it like at divinity schools or seminaries in the States?  Is
there a lot of language instruction done?  I really don't have a basis
for comparison.

Regards, Phil
-- 
Philip Sells                 Is anything too hard for the LORD?
k053730@hobbes.kzoo.edu           --Gen. 18:14
Hi,

I've noticed that if you only save a model (with all your mapping planes
positioned carefully) to a .3DS file that when you reload it after restarting
3DS, they are given a default position and orientation.  But if you save
to a .PRJ file their positions/orientation are preserved.  Does anyone
know why this information is not stored in the .3DS file?  Nothing is
explicitly said in the manual about saving texture rules in the .PRJ file. 
I'd like to be able to read the texture rule information, does anyone have 
the format for the .PRJ file?

Is the .CEL file format available from somewhere?

Rych



Must there be a "why" to this?  I ask because of what you also
     assume about God-- namely, that He just exists, with no "why"
     to His existence.  So the question is reversed, "Why can't
     we assume the universe just exists as you assume God to
     "just exist"?  Why must there be a "why" to the universe?"


It may be that one day man not only can create life but can also
     create man.  Now, I don't see this happening in my lifetime,
     nor do I assert it is probable.  But the possibility is there,
     given scientists are working hard at "decoding" out "genetic
     code" to perhaps help cure disease of a genetic variation.
     Again, though, must there be "why" or a "divine prupose" to
     man's existence?


As far as we can tell, man falls into the "mammal" catagory.  Now,
     if there were something more to the man (say, a soul), then
     we have yet to find evidence of such.  But as it is now, man
     is a mammal (babies are born live, mother gives milk, we're
     warm-blooded, etc.) as other mammals are and is similar in
     genetic construction to some of them (in particular, primates).
     For more on this check out talk.origins.


Well, then, Buddhism, Confucianism, Taoism, Hinduism, Judaism,
     Zoerasterism, Shintoism, and Islam should fit this bit of logic
     quite nicely... :-)  All have depth, all have enduring values,
     thus all must be true...

Stephen

    _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/       _/    * Atheist
   _/        _/    _/   _/ _/ _/ _/     * Libertarian
  _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/   _/  _/      * Pro-individuality
       _/  _/     _/  _/       _/       * Pro-responsibility
_/_/_/_/  _/      _/ _/       _/ Jr.    * and all that jazz...



please tell me where you where you FTP'd this from? I would like to have
a copy of it. (I would have mailed you, but your post indicates you have no mail
address...)

Greetings,
    I have an Epson HI-80 4 pen plotter forsale.  It emulates an HP 7570
or 7574 - I'm not sure which.  It has an option board on it that does
the emulation.  It has a serial interface with Hardware handshake. I
also have 340 Pens for it as follows:  10 packs of 4 Black Oil based, 16
packs of 4 Red,Green, Blue, and Black pens, 22 packs of 4 Aqueous Black,
7 packs of 4 Aqueous R,G,Blue,Black,  1 pack of 6 Aqueous Multi color
pens,  and 114 assorted non-packaged pens mostly colored.

    The plotter is used.  I have tested it using the Windows drivers for
HP 7570 and HP 7574 and both worked fine.  It accepts either A or B
sized paper. (8.5 x 11 or 11x17).

    I figure that the plotter is worth about $300 and the pens are worth at
least another $200 more..  One thing is certain, you won't need to
purchase any pens for quite a while...  All of the packaged pens were
sealed so they are all still fresh.  The rest were capped and seem to
function as well.

    I'd be willing to sell the pens seperate if anyone is interested in
just them.

    I'm selling it because I got a HP LaserJet and I don't need color.

    I'd like $350 or best offer...

    -Chert
CALL FOR PRESENTATIONS
	
      NAVY SCIENTIFIC VISUALIZATION AND VIRTUAL REALITY SEMINAR

			Tuesday, June 22, 1993

	    Carderock Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center
	      (formerly the David Taylor Research Center)
			  Bethesda, Maryland

SPONSOR: NESS (Navy Engineering Software System) is sponsoring a 
one-day Navy Scientific Visualization and Virtual Reality Seminar.  
The purpose of the seminar is to present and exchange information for
Navy-related scientific visualization and virtual reality programs, 
research, developments, and applications.

PRESENTATIONS: Presentations are solicited on all aspects of 
Navy-related scientific visualization and virtual reality.  All 
current work, works-in-progress, and proposed work by Navy 
organizations will be considered.  Four types of presentations are 
available.

     1. Regular presentation: 20-30 minutes in length
     2. Short presentation: 10 minutes in length
     3. Video presentation: a stand-alone videotape (author need not 
	attend the seminar)
     4. Scientific visualization or virtual reality demonstration (BYOH)

Accepted presentations will not be published in any proceedings, 
however, viewgraphs and other materials will be reproduced for 
seminar attendees.

ABSTRACTS: Authors should submit a one page abstract and/or videotape to:

     Robert Lipman
     Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division
     Code 2042
     Bethesda, Maryland  20084-5000

     VOICE (301) 227-3618;  FAX (301) 227-5753  
     E-MAIL  lipman@oasys.dt.navy.mil

Authors should include the type of presentation, their affiliations, 
addresses, telephone and FAX numbers, and addresses.  Multi-author 
papers should designate one point of contact.

DEADLINES: The abstact submission deadline is April 30, 1993.  
Notification of acceptance will be sent by May 14, 1993.  
Materials for reproduction must be received by June 1, 1993.

For further information, contact Robert Lipman at the above address.

	  PLEASE DISTRIBUTE AS WIDELY AS POSSIBLE, THANKS.




Robert Lipman                     | Internet: lipman@oasys.dt.navy.mil
David Taylor Model Basin - CDNSWC |       or: lip@ocean.dt.navy.mil
Computational Signatures and      | Voicenet: (301) 227-3618
   Structures Group, Code 2042    | Factsnet: (301) 227-5753
Bethesda, Maryland  20084-5000    | Phishnet: stockings@long.legs

I totally agree with that sentiment.  But why do you have to go further
and advocate violating what God has set up?  That is the question which
you have not answered from Scripture.  You can worship on every day, as
long as you work.  But God says the Sabbath is all mine.
Contact Signaware Corp
800-4583820
800 6376564

-------------------------------- Original Memo --------------------------------
BCC:     Vincent Wall                   From:      Imaging Club
Subject: Signature verification  ?      Date Sent: 05/04/93

sci.image.processing
From: yyqi@ece.arizona.edu (Yingyong Qi)
Subject: Signature Image Database
Organization: U of Arizona Electrical and Computer Engineering

Hi, All:

Could someone tell me if there is a database of handwriting signature
images available for evaluating signature verification systems.

Thanks.
Actually I am trying to write something like this but I encounter some
problems, amongst them:

- drawing a 3d wireframe view of a quadric/quartic requires that you have
the explicit equation of the quadric/quartic (x, y, z functions of some
parameters). How to convert the implicit equation used by PoV to an
explicit one? Is it mathematically always possible?

I believe this is a just another of way of expressing the basic truth
"All things were created by him and FOR him." (emphasis mine) 
Col. 1:16 , Rev. 4:11. If you and I have been created for God, naturally
there will be a vacuum if God is not our all and all. In fact,
the first chapter of Collosians brings out this status of Christ, that
He should have the preeminence. When you life is alligned with Him,
and you do His will, then the vacuum is filled.
I am looking for a public domain 3d viewer.  It does not have to be very
fancy.  The features I want is simple wireframe display, flat shading, 
simple transformation.  It would be nice to have hidden line.    






	Again I find myself wanting to respond to a posting and having neither
the time nor the proper materials with me (you would think I would learn my
lesson by now--but I'm trying to finish writing my Thesis and don't have tons
of time.  Anyway...)

	The basis for our (the catholic church's) belief in the assumption of
Mary, body and soul, into heaven is that, to put it simply, the apostles 
and all the early generation Christians believed it.  In fact, throughout their
ministry the apostles kept in close contact with Mary, and 11 of the 12 were
present when she died.  Only Thomas was missing--when he arrived several days
later, he asked to be shown her body, and moved with pity, Peter and several of
the other apostles brought him to her tomb.  When they arrived the seal was
still unbroken.  They broke the seal, entered, and the body was missing.  There
was no sign that anyone had entered, forcibly or otherwise, and everything else
was laid out exactly as it had been left.  The apostles present all believed
that Mary was assumed into heaven--and the apostles TAUGHT this in their  
preaching (of course, this does not appear in any of the texts currently 
considered part of the bible, but it does appear in other writings left behind
by several of them.)  Basicaly, as an apostolic church (ie. founded by the
apostles), we believe that the teachings of the apostles, whether written down
in the bible or written down in other sources, is true, providing that the
authenticity of those other sources can be confirmed.  At least in the case of
the assumption of Mary, the authenticity is quite clear.

My online Bible is on a CD, but I don't own a CD-ROM system for the
time being, so I can't search for the famous cite where Jesus explicitly
states that he didn't want to break existing (Jewish) laws. In other
words technically speaking Christians should use Saturday and not Sunday
as their holy day, if they want to conform to the teachings of Jesus.

Cheers,
Kent
I just thought I'd share a nice experience before my exam today.
I was walking down the streets on our campus, and a beggar came up and asked
me for any spare change I might have.  I had a dollar or so that I gave her,
and - not wanting to give away all my money to strangers (I generally give
a dollar as that will buy a little food at McDonalds or something) - I offered
her some "spiritual gifts," as I called them, rather than gifts of money.
I talked of how great I felt that God had made such a pretty day, and how
nice it was to give to people - she then said she was getting married soon.
She talked about how she and her husband had very little (they may not have
even had a house, for all I know), but that they felt a very special love in
the Lord, an unselfish kind of caring.  It warmed my heart to know that 2
people can have so little monetarily, and realize that spiritually they are
indeed very rich.  A good lesson for all of us who say we want more, more,
more; what we really need cannot be counted, or sold, or bought.
Years ago I grabbed the following from the net - maybe from this
newsgroup.  Does anyone know of a source for whether this is an
accurate quote?   Thanks!  Bartletts leaves out the homosexual lines,
but they were one of the groups the Nazis tried to exterminate.
===
In Germany, they first came for the communists,
and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a communist.
Then they came for the jews,
and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a jew.
Then they came for the trade unionists,
and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.
Then they came for the homosexuals, and I didn't speak up
because I wasn't a homosexual.
Then they came for the catholics, and I didn't speak up
because I was a protestant.
Then they came for me ---
but by that time there was no one left to speak up.

It should have been made fairly clear that the *most* Crimson would
ever get was a 150 (75 old style) MHz CPU upgrade.  Certainly this
was mentioned on comp.sys.sgi on more than one occasion as being
likely.  If our sales folks were saying otherwise, they were either
confused, or less than honest/ethical, or somebody further up the
chain inside SGI was misleading them.


There were 4 versions (20, 25, 30, 35), although admittedly the 30 came
out at the same time as the 35, over a period of 2 1/2 years.  The
chassis simply couldn't be pushed any further.  I'd say 4 years was
a pretty good lifespan, myself, for a system design in this day and
age.  Getting the 35 to work caused a lot of gray hairs in both the
hardware and product design groups; we would have been out of our
minds to push it further, and I *know* that was made clear, almost
from the day the 35 started shipping.  We had one last kicker in
the form of the Elan graphics, which made 3 graphics versions over
its lifespan, which I also think is pretty good.


Please, by all means send a complaint letter through SGI support
or sales on your concerns.  There should be no reason for sales folks
to misrepresent future upgrades to customers (sure, sometimes there
will be confusion for a while, over whether an upgrade will be available,
but that shouldn't last too long, and doesn't seem to be what you
are referring to).

Yes, the sales folks *do* get bonus's at the end of some (all?) quarters,
but that is pretty common industry wide, and sometimes that can result
in good deals for customers (sometimes it probably pushes folks into
systems that aren't what they need, I'm sure, but nobody is *forcing*
you to buy at end of quarter, after all...)


They don't get all that long a lead time either; although certainly
they get presentations on possible new products, and their opinions
may well influence the end product, but that also is life in the
industry.  We can't design systems that meet just their needs, or we
won't sell too many systems, after all (which is not to say that we
don't have some niche products, like Reality Engine).


But surely you don't expect a system you buy now for a five year
period to be constantly upgradable over that entire five year
period?  That's a rather unreasonable expectation, in my experience
(with workstations/microcomputers).  Supported, and parts available,
yes, but certainly not upgradable to the latest and greatest!


I missed your first posting, but as I say, by all means share your
frustation with somebody at a level inside SGI where it might
have an effect (not immediate, I'm sure, but complaints aren't
going to be ignored, and *may* affect future plans, if we 
hear similar things from more than one person/site).

All of the above is, as usual, my personal opinion, not SGI's.

Judging from postings I've read all over Usenet and on non-Usenet
BBs conferences, Barney is DEFINITELY an endangered species. Especially
if he runs into me in a dark alley.
                                   
                                            A.Lizard


No, instead you have stupid things like 3600 and 86400 and 31556925.9747 and
299792.458 and 9.80665 and ...

How many cc's in a ml anyway?  The metric system has its problems, just not
as many of them.

I just got out of the Army. Go signal corps or Intelligence; 
photointelligence interpretation. If you go ADA you might get to play with 
rockets but space will look pretty far away dug in the mud next to a grunt 
protecting the foward troops from low flying objects. Good Luck  
 


Thanks for the information!

I assume p is the semi-major axis and e the eccentricity.  The peri-
helion and aphelion are then given by p(1-e) and p(1+e), i.e., about
2.90 and 3.95 AU respectively.  For Jupiter, they are 4.95 and 5.45 AU.
If 1977 was after the temporary capture, this means that the comet
ended up in an orbit that comes no closer than 1 AU to Jupiter's --
which I take to be a rough indication of how far from Jupiter it could
get under Jupiter's influence.


Where 1 Jupiter radius = 71,000 km = 44,000 mi = 0.0005 AU.  So the
1970 figure seems unlikely to actually be anything but a perijove.
Is that the case for the 1973 figure as well?
-- 
Mark Brader, SoftQuad Inc., Toronto		"Remember the Golgafrinchans"
utzoo!sq!msb, msb@sq.com					-- Pete Granger

Hey!  My dad has an old hangar and Judy has some old rockets in her attic,
let's put on a Lunar program! . . .  Sounds good, but . . .
Let's play a game - What would be a reasonable reward?  What companies would
have a reasonable shot at pulling off such a feat?  Just where in the
budget would the reward come from?  Should there be a time limit?  Would a
straight cash money award be enough or should we throw in say . . . 
exclusive mining rights for the first fifty years? You get the idea.

I'd like to play but I don't have a clue to the answers.

Damn!  So it was YOU who was drinking beer with ROBERT McELWANE in the PARKING
LOT of the K-MART!

				UNLIMITED INSEMINATION OF THIS MESSAGE
					RIGIDLY REFUSED




Now, I had put a Wink at the end of my suggestion indicating it was
intensely sarcastic.  I can't help it if everyone got all serious.

Ross.

	I never saw your original posting.  it dropped on the floor
somewhere.  I just saw the trickle down, thought it was intensely
stupid,  not knowing anything about the joke, mentioned arbitron
and left it with an equally stupid joke.  Bill in his ever increasing
devotion to thoroughness dug up  several  arbitron stats.

I myself think the arbitron stats are  severely methodologically impaired,
but are a good measure of proportion.  I don't think anyone
knows how many people read news anymore.



Oh gee, a billion dollars!  That'd be just about enough to cover the cost of the
feasability study!  Happy, Happy, JOY! JOY!
Help!  I'm trying to program my VGA!  I've got it working
with in pascal with the following routines for mode $13h
(320*200*256).  I've got a VESA compatable Trident 8900C w/1meg
and need to program in 1024*768 mode.  I don't care how many colors.
 
Could someone take this code and help me write 2 new procedures to
replace them so that it'll work in 1024*768*16 or 1024*768*256?
 
That'd be GREAT!  Thanks...
 
Here is the code I currently have for 320*200*256 mode:
 
  Procedure GraphMode;
 
    Begin { VideoMode }
      Asm
        Mov  AH,00
        Mov  AL,13h
        Int  10h
      End;
    End;  { VideoMode }
 
  Procedure PlotPoint (x, y, c : Integer);
 
    Begin
      Mem[$A000:x+y*320]:=c;
    End;
 

-- 
I've heard it said that the accounts we have of Christs life and
ministry in the Gospels were actually written many years after the event.
(About 40 years or so). Is this correct?? If so, why the big time delay??
I know all scripture is inspired of God, so the time of writing is I suppose
un-important, but I still can't help be curious!

---------------------------------------------------
Ivan Thomas Barr 

Contact me at u9126619@athmail1.causeway.qub.ac.uk

[The Gospels aren't dated, so we can only guess.  Luke's prolog is
about the only thing we have from the author describing his process.
The prolog sounds like Luke is from the next generation, and had to do
some investigating.  There are traditions passed down verbally that
say a few things about the composition of the Gospels.  There are
debates about how reliable these traditions are.  They certainly don't
have the status of Scripture, yet scholars tend to take some of them
seriously.  One suggests that Mark was based on Peter's sermons, and
was written to preserve them when Peter had died or way about to die.
One tradition about Matthew suggests that a collection of Jesus words
may have been made earlier than the current Gospels.  

In the ancient world, it was much more common to rely on verbal
transmission of information.  I think many people would have preferred
to hear about Jesus directly from someone who had known him, and maybe
even from someone who studied directly under such a person, rather
than from a book.  Thus I suspect that the Gospels are largely from a
period when these people were beginning to die.  Scholars generally do
think there was some written material earlier, which was probably used
as sources for the existing Gospels.

Establishing the dates is a complex and technical business.  I have to
confess that I'm not sure how much reliance I'd put on the methods
used.  But it's common to think that Mark was written first, around 64
AD., and that all of the Gospels were written by the end of the
Century.  A few people vary this by a decade or so one way or the
other.


Brian K., I am pleased with your honesty.  And to be honest as well, I
believe you have not asked my god to come to you.  Why do I say this?
Because by the things you write on the net, and the manner with which
you write them, you show me that you made up your own god and are
attempting to pass him off as the real thing.  I got news for you.
Yours doesn't at all sound like mine.  Your god doesn't come to you
because your god doesn't exist.


I am sorry Brian, but when I read your postings, I do not see an open mind.
What I do see is misunderstanding, lack of knowledge, arrogance and mockery.


Be true to yourself then.  Have an open mind.  And so end the mockery.  Gain 
knowledge of the real God.  Put your presumptions aside.  Read the
Bible and know that there is, truly is, a reason for everything and
there exists a God that has so much love for you that the depth of it goes beyond
our shallow worldly experience.  A person who commits himself  
to seeking God, will find God.  Jesus stands at your door and knocks.  But a
person who half-heartedly opens the Bible, or opens it with purpose to find 
something to mock, will find, learn and see nothing.  The only thing one
will gain with that attitude is folly.

Be careful to not jump the gun, for at first glance, there are many passages
in the Bible that will seem bizarre and absurd.  Be assured that even
though they seem alien at first, be confident that they are not.
Be assured that beyond your present comprehension, there lies such
deep reasons that once you see them, you will indeed be satisfied. 
I will personally guarantee that one.  As Jesus put it, "You will never
be thirsty again.  Your cup will even flow over."


From King Solomon (970 B.C. to 930 B.C.):

    "It is the glory of God to conceal a matter;
     to search out a matter is the glory of kings."


Jesus says in John 6:44 & 55:

   "No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him."


And in John 3:16:

   "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son,
   that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal
   life."


You are included in "whosoever".  And I also pray that the Father is
drawing you, which it seems He is doing else you wouldn't be posting
to talk.religion.misc.  Remember Brian, you could be a St. Paul in the
making.  Paul not only mocked Christians as you do, but also had pleasure
stoning them.  Yet God showed him mercy, saved him, and Paul became
on of the most celebrated men in the history of God's church.

You see Brian, I myself better be careful and not judge you, because
you could indeed be the next Paul.  For with the fervor that you attack
Christians,  one day you might find yourself one, and like Paul,
proclaim the good news of Jesus with that very same fervor or more.

Or you could be the next Peter.  What Jesus said to Peter, Jesus would 
probably say to you: "Satan would surely like to have you."  Why so?
Because Peter was hard-headed, cynical and demonstrated great
moments of stupidity, but once Peter committed himself to a task
he did with full heart.  Peter was the only apostle to have the
faith to walk on water as Jesus did.

You asked "Why not believe in Zeus?"  Zeus didn't offer eternal life.
You got nothing to gain by believing in Zeus.

On 23-Apr-93 in Serbian genocide Work of God?

Bingo - that and there's no oil there.

On 23-Apr-93 in Serbian genocide Work of God?

If this is the "work of god" then I'm doubly glad that I don't worship him.



David Hunt - Graduate Slave |     My mind is my own.      | Towards both a
Mechanical Engineering      | So are my ideas & opinions. | Palestinian and
Carnegie Mellon University  | <<<Use Golden Rule v2.0>>>  | Jewish homeland!
====T=H=E=R=E===I=S===N=O===G=O=D=========T=H=E=R=E===I=S===N=O===G=O=D=====
Email:  bluelobster+@cmu.edu    Working towards my "Piled Higher and Deeper"
 

Huh, if ignorance is strength, then I won't distribute this piece
of information if I want to follow your advice (contradiction above).


Cheers,
Kent

There's another point to be made. Those who have been inside burning
houses know that if they want to stay alive, it's better to run out
from the building. We had one case where an FBI agent *had to 
drag out a women* from the burning house, she run back in when
she saw the forces arriving. It is a good indication of the fanatical
mind that the followers had -- including having they children burned
instead of saving these innocent victims of the instance.

Cheers,
Kent
Hi,
   I'd like to subscribe to Leadership Magazine but wonder if there is one on
disk instead of on paper. Having it on disk would save me retyping
illustrations, etc into a word processor. It's just cut and paste.
   If there are other good Christian magazines like Leadership on disk media,
I'd appreciate any info.






I note that you make no such case as you claim can be 'even more
easily made'.  Yes, the argument can (and has) been made that current
government policy creates even larger market barriers than there were
in the first place, but there is no such term as 'government failure',
since the government can change policies whenever it pleases.  The
market doesn't do that and is governed by (relatively) well-understood
forces.  This libertopican bilge about 'moral arguments' about
taxation, etc., is, at bottom, so much simplistic economic thinking.
It can only be 'justified' by cliche derision of anyone who knows more
about economics than the libertopian -- which is what invariably
happens.  Tripe a la Tommy, the new libertopian dish.



Wherever do you get this inflated idea of your own importance?

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
I was wondering if anyone knows where I can get more information about
the graphics in the WingCommander series, and the RealSpace system they use.
I think it's really awesome, and wouldn't mind being able to use similar
features in programs.  Thanks in advance.



Oh, and us with the big degrees don't got imagination, huh?

The alleged dichotomy between imagination and knowledge is one of the most
pernicious fallacys of the New Age.  Michael, thanks for the generous
offer, but we have quite enough dreams of our own, thank you.

You, on the other hand, are letting your own dreams go to waste by
failing to get the maths/thermodynamics/chemistry/(your choices here)
which would give your imagination wings.

Just to show this isn't a flame, I leave you with a quote from _Invasion of 
the Body Snatchers_:

"Become one of us; it's not so bad, you know"
}>}>}(a) out of context;
}>}>Must have missed when you said this about these other "promises of god" that we keep
}>}>getting subjected to.  Could you please explain why I am wrong and they are OK?
}>}>Or an acknowledgement of public hypocrisy. Both or neither.
}>}
}>}So, according to you, Jim, the only way to criticize one person for
}>}taking a quote out of context, without being a hypocrite, is to post a
}>}response to *every* person on t.r.m who takes a quote out of context?
}>
}>Did I either ask or assert that?  Or is this your misaimed telepathy at work again?
}
}(1)  Stephen said you took a quote out of context
}(2)  You noted that Stephen had not replied to some other t.r.m article
}     (call it A) that took a quote out of context
}(3)  But the lack of evidence for X does not constitute evidence for the
}     lack of X  (a common creationist error)
}(4)  So the fact that Stephen did not reply to A does not justify the
}     conclusion that Stephen condoned taking quotes out of context in A

Excellent.  Now under what conditions could such a conclusion be made, other
than a direct assertion by his part.  For instance, am I to assume that
you have no position on eating shit merely because you have not said
your position, or might a conclusion be made by observing that you do not.

}(7)  I assumed you were being logical, and that the sentence that begins
}     "Could you please explain ..." was not a nonsequitur, but was intended
}     to follow from the sentence that preceded it.

}Is that better Jim?   It's called an argument.  If you disagree with it,
}explain why the argument is not sound.  (I admit that my assumption in (7)
}may have been a bit hasty.)  If you agree with it, just say "yup."

In the Air Force world at least, the crisis escalates when scale
models of the plane in question (i.e. about to be sacrificed) begin to
arrive in key Senators and Congresspersons' offices.

Of course it is assumed that coffee mugs and other decorative junk has
been tried earlier.

Spiros

First off, let me congratulate you for not posting a flame about "You sick
perverts, you are immoral, you are all going to hell.", which seems to be the
usual "religious" post found on the alt.sex.* hierarchy.  Hopefully, you won't
get flamed, either.

You will, however, be argued with.  I personally think that your project is
built on unsteady ground.

First, I do not believe that there is any way to find an "objective morality". 
Morality and value are inherently subjective - they represent the beliefs of a
person or a group of people.  They can be widely held, perhaps even
overwhelmingly held, but they are never and _can_ never be objective.


Second, I do not accept the assumptions that you make here.  If, as you say,
you are trying to be objective, then why accept a morality to begin with by
using the Christian Bible?  You're defeating your own purpose by doing so.
 

Third, call me a pessimist, but you won't stop the flamage.  There will always
be people who pop upin alt.sex.* to tell us how sick and twisted and evil we
all are.  Just out of curiosity, do alt.sex readers show up unprovoked in the
religion groups to tell you all that you are narrow-minded, censoring,
overbearing totalitarianists?
 

Hm.  Let me provide an example.  Four people get together over dinner, to
discuss morality: you, me, a rather conservative Moslem, and a sociopath.  I
start off by saying that I think it's immoral to force people to have sex with
you.  You agree, but also say that it is immoral to have sex with someone of
your own gender.  (Just a note: I really don't know your views on
homosexuality, I am just using this as a common view of morality for the
purposes of this example.)  The Moslem says that it is immoral for women to
have their faces uncovered.

The sociopath, who has become bored, kills all three of us and eats us, but
feels no guilt because he has done nothing wrong morally in his own mind. 
                                                                         

	(Evidence deleted)

I'm not going to accept your evidence for this.  You ask us to accept "The Word
of God" that everything good comes from God.  This is only a valid argument for
a person who shares your beliefs.

Still, I must say that cataloging the major themes and motifs in erotica could
be interesting for other reasons than yours, so good luck with this next part.


Hmmm...do I detect just a wee bit of condescence here?
                                                      
                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
				not very objective. 


One could construe this to mean that beautiful people are better, or "more
good" than non-beautiful people.  I would hope that people relize that this is
not necessarily true.
                     
                    ^^^^
      Might I suggest the word "penis"? It seems more in line with the tone of
your post. 
          

Bravo!  I respect you and your sense of humor, sir. 

                                                 
Yes, and this theme is usually what the better stories are about.  However,
they are not always selfish - I could point to examples in the work of Elf
Sternberg, for example.


It serves the same purpose as it does in pornographic movies: it affirms the
virility of the male involved, as well as assuring the reader that he (the
character) has orgasmed.                      


Your Whole Picture [TM] unfortunately only applies to people who accept your
church.
         
In addition, if sex is for procreation, then

1)	Why did God make it pleasurable, so that people would want to do it,
rather than building it in as instinct?
2)	Why did God make it fallible?  Not every sexual encounter results in
pregnancy, even among Catholics.  Does this mean that they have sinned?
 
 
Granted.


Pornography would not tend in those directions if there were not a demand for
it.  Many people have violent fantasies that they would never act out in real
life, but will think about and read about and mull over.

Later,
						Jeff                                   


my $.02 - Yes and No.  I do not believe the above scenario is not possible.  
Either they are believing and living (in at least some part) led by God, else 
they are not.  Believing (intellectually, but waiting(?)) is not enough.
   Especially important to remember is that no one can judge whether you are 
so committed, nor can you judge someone else.  I guess the closest we can 
come to know someone's situation is listening to their own statements.  This 
can be fallible, as is our sense of communion one with another.


Regarding this passage, we need to remember that this is a letter to a church 
(at Laodicea), people who are Of the Body of Christ. (Rev.3:14-16)  He talks 
about their works.  A translation could say that he says their lack of 
concern makes him sick (to the point of throwing up).

   Right, saving is by faith alone, except that faith does not come alone, if 
you catch the two meanings.
   I can offer the explanation that Jesus would that we were either "on fire 
for Him" or so cold we knew we were not in His will and thus could be made 
aware of our separation.  This is admonishment for His children, not eternal 
damnation.


Boy, this will be embarassing if it is trivial or an FAQ:

Given 4 points (non coplanar), how does one find the sphere, that is,
center and radius, exactly fitting those points?  I know how to do it
for a circle (from 3 points), but do not immediately see a 
straightforward way to do it in 3-D.  I have checked some
geometry books, Graphics Gems, and Farin, but am still at a loss?
Please have mercy on me and provide the solution?  

Thanks,
Ed


Mark Ashley's account of private revelation does not, as some might
think, contradict my posting in which I said that the Catholic Church
believes that public revelation, on which Catholic doctrine is based,
ended with the death of St. John, the last Apostle.  In that posting
I made sure I used the word "public".  Public revelation contains
God's truth intended for everyone to believe.  The revelation contained
in the Bible is a significant subset of public revelation.  Private
revelation is revelation that God gives to an individual.  He may speak
directly to the individual, He may send an angel, or He may send the
Virgin Mary or some lesser saint.  The only person who is required to
believe a private revelation is the person to whom it is revealed.
Devotional practices may be based on reported private revelations,
but doctrines can not.

When an alleged private revelation attracts sufficient attention, the
Church may investigate it.  If the investigation indicates a likelihood
that the alleged private revelation is in fact from God, it will be
approved.  That means that it can be preached in the Church.  However,
it is still true that no one is required to believe that it came from
God.  A Catholic is free to deny the authenticity of even the most
well attested and strongly approved private revelations, such as those
at Fatima and Lourdes.  (I suspect that few if any Catholics do reject
Fatima and Lourdes, but if any do their rejection of them does not
mean they are not orthodox Catholics in good standing.)

I do not have at hand a list of the criteria the Church uses in
evaluating an alleged private revelation--it's not something I need
every day--but I know that one of the primary requirements is that
nothing in the alleged private revelation can contradict anything
known through public revelation
-------
Marty Helgesen
Bitnet: mnhcc@cunyvm   Internet: mnhcc@cunyvm.cuny.edu
Archive-name: space/math
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:12 $

PERFORMING CALCULATIONS AND INTERPRETING DATA FORMATS

    COMPUTING SPACECRAFT ORBITS AND TRAJECTORIES

    References that have been frequently recommended on the net are:

    "Fundamentals of Astrodynamics" Roger Bate, Donald Mueller, Jerry White
    1971, Dover Press, 455pp $8.95 (US) (paperback). ISBN 0-486-60061-0

    NASA Spaceflight handbooks (dating from the 1960s)
	SP-33 Orbital Flight Handbook (3 parts)
	SP-34 Lunar Flight Handbook   (3 parts)
	SP-35 Planetary Flight Handbook (9 parts)

	These might be found in university aeronautics libraries or ordered
	through the US Govt. Printing Office (GPO), although more
	information would probably be needed to order them.

    M. A. Minovitch, _The Determination and Characteristics of Ballistic
    Interplanetary Trajectories Under the Influence of Multiple Planetary
    Attractions_, Technical Report 32-464, Jet Propulsion Laboratory,
    Pasadena, Calif., Oct, 1963.

	The title says all. Starts of with the basics and works its way up.
	Very good. It has a companion article:

    M. Minovitch, _Utilizing Large Planetary Perubations for the Design of
    Deep-Space Solar-Probe and Out of Ecliptic Trajectories_, Technical
    Report 32-849, JPL, Pasadena, Calif., 1965.

	You need to read the first one first to realy understand this one.
	It does include a _short_ summary if you can only find the second.

	Contact JPL for availability of these reports.

    "Spacecraft Attitude Dynamics", Peter C. Hughes 1986, John Wiley and
	Sons.

    "Celestial Mechanics: a computational guide for the practitioner",
    Lawrence G. Taff, (Wiley-Interscience, New York, 1985).

	Starts with the basics (2-body problem, coordinates) and works up to
	orbit determinations, perturbations, and differential corrections.
	Taff also briefly discusses stellar dynamics including a short
	discussion of n-body problems.


    COMPUTING PLANETARY POSITIONS

    More net references:

    Van Flandern & Pullinen, _Low-Precision Formulae for Planetary
    Positions_, Astrophysical J. Supp Series, 41:391-411, 1979. Look in an
    astronomy or physics library for this; also said to be available from
    Willmann-Bell.

	Gives series to compute positions accurate to 1 arc minute for a
	period + or - 300 years from now. Pluto is included but stated to
	have an accuracy of only about 15 arc minutes.

    _Multiyear Interactive Computer Almanac_ (MICA), produced by the US
    Naval Observatory. Valid for years 1990-1999. $55 ($80 outside US).
    Available for IBM (order #PB93-500163HDV) or Macintosh (order
    #PB93-500155HDV). From the NTIS sales desk, (703)-487-4650. I believe
    this is intended to replace the USNO's Interactive Computer Ephemeris.

    _Interactive Computer Ephemeris_ (from the US Naval Observatory)
    distributed on IBM-PC floppy disks, $35 (Willmann-Bell). Covers dates
    1800-2049.

    "Planetary Programs and Tables from -4000 to +2800", Bretagnon & Simon
    1986, Willmann-Bell.

	Floppy disks available separately.

    "Fundamentals of Celestial Mechanics" (2nd ed), J.M.A. Danby 1988,
    Willmann-Bell.

	A good fundamental text. Includes BASIC programs; a companion set of
	floppy disks is available separately.

    "Astronomical Formulae for Calculators" (4th ed.), J. Meeus 1988,
    Willmann-Bell.

    "Astronomical Algorithms", J. Meeus 1991, Willmann-Bell.

	If you actively use one of the editions of "Astronomical Formulae
	for Calculators", you will want to replace it with "Astronomical
	Algorithms". This new book is more oriented towards computers than
	calculators and contains formulae for planetary motion based on
	modern work by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, the U.S. Naval
	Observatory, and the Bureau des Longitudes. The previous books were
	all based on formulae mostly developed in the last century.

	Algorithms available separately on diskette.

    "Practical Astronomy with your Calculator" (3rd ed.), P. Duffett-Smith
    1988, Cambridge University Press.

    "Orbits for Amateurs with a Microcomputer", D. Tattersfield 1984,
    Stanley Thornes, Ltd.

	Includes example programs in BASIC.

    "Orbits for Amateurs II", D. Tattersfield 1987, John Wiley & Sons.

    "Astronomy / Scientific Software" - catalog of shareware, public domain,
    and commercial software for IBM and other PCs. Astronomy software
    includes planetarium simulations, ephemeris generators, astronomical
    databases, solar system simulations, satellite tracking programs,
    celestial mechanics simulators, and more.

	Andromeda Software, Inc.
	P.O. Box 605
	Amherst, NY 14226-0605


    COMPUTING CRATER DIAMETERS FROM EARTH-IMPACTING ASTEROIDS

    Astrogeologist Gene Shoemaker proposes the following formula, based on
    studies of cratering caused by nuclear tests.

		     (1/3.4)
    D = S  S  c  K  W	    : crater diameter in km
	 g  p  f  n

	       (1/6)
    S = (g /g )		    : gravity correction factor for bodies other than
     g	  e  t		      Earth, where g = 9.8 m/s^2 and g	is the surface
					    e		      t
			      gravity of the target body. This scaling is
			      cited for lunar craters and may hold true for
			      other bodies.

		(1/3.4)
    S = (p / p )	    : correction factor for target density p  ,
     p	  a   t							    t
			      p  = 1.8 g/cm^3 for alluvium at the Jangle U
			       a
			      crater site, p = 2.6 g/cm^3 for average
			      rock on the continental shields.

    C			    : crater collapse factor, 1 for craters <= 3 km
			      in diameter, 1.3 for larger craters (on Earth).

							    (1/3.4)
    K			    : .074 km / (kT TNT equivalent)
     n			      empirically determined from the Jangle U
			      nuclear test crater.

	      3		   2		       19
    W = pi * d	* delta * V  / (12 * 4.185 * 10  )
			    : projectile kinetic energy in kT TNT equivalent
			      given diameter d, velocity v, and projectile
			      density delta in CGS units. delta of around 3
			      g/cm^3 is fairly good for an asteroid.

    An RMS velocity of V = 20 km/sec may be used for Earth-crossing
    asteroids.

    Under these assumptions, the body which created the Barringer Meteor
    Crater in Arizona (1.13 km diameter) would have been about 40 meters in
    diameter.

    More generally, one can use (after Gehrels, 1985):

    Asteroid	    Number of objects  Impact probability  Impact energy
    diameter (km)		       (impacts/year)	   (* 5*10^20 ergs)

     10			    10		     10^-8		10^9
      1			 1 000		     10^-6		10^6
      0.1	       100 000		     10^-4		10^3

    assuming simple scaling laws. Note that 5*10^20 ergs = 13 000 tons TNT
    equivalent, or the energy released by the Hiroshima A-bomb.

    References:

    Gehrels, T. 1985 Asteroids and comets. _Physics Today_ 38, 32-41. [an
	excellent general overview of the subject for the layman]

    Shoemaker, E.M. 1983 Asteroid and comet bombardment of the earth. _Ann.
	Rev. Earth Planet. Sci._ 11, 461-494. [very long and fairly
	technical but a comprehensive examination of the
	 subject]

    Shoemaker, E.M., J.G. Williams, E.F. Helin & R.F. Wolfe 1979
	Earth-crossing asteroids: Orbital classes, collision rates with
	Earth, and origin. In _Asteroids_, T. Gehrels, ed., pp. 253-282,
	University of Arizona Press, Tucson.

    Cunningham, C.J. 1988 _Introduction to Asteroids: The Next Frontier_
	(Richmond: Willman-Bell, Inc.) [covers all aspects of asteroid
	studies and is an excellent introduction to the subject for people
	of all experience levels. It also has a very extensive reference
	list covering essentially all of the reference material in the
	field.]


    MAP PROJECTIONS AND SPHERICAL TRIGNOMETRY

    Two easy-to-find sources of map projections are the "Encyclopaedia
    Brittanica", (particularly the older volumes) and a tutorial appearing
    in _Graphics Gems_ (Academic Press, 1990). The latter was written with
    simplicity of exposition and suitability of digital computation in mind
    (spherical trig formulae also appear, as do digitally-plotted examples).

    More than you ever cared to know about map projections is in John
    Snyder's USGS publication "Map Projections--A Working Manual", USGS
    Professional Paper 1395. This contains detailed descriptions of 32
    projections, with history, features, projection formulas (for both
    spherical earth and ellipsoidal earth), and numerical test cases. It's a
    neat book, all 382 pages worth. This one's $20.

    You might also want the companion volume, by Snyder and Philip Voxland,
    "An Album of Map Projections", USGS Professional Paper 1453. This
    contains less detail on about 130 projections and variants. Formulas are
    in the back, example plots in the front. $14, 250 pages.

    You can order these 2 ways. The cheap, slow way is direct from USGS:
    Earth Science Information Center, US Geological Survey, 507 National
    Center, Reston, VA 22092. (800)-USA-MAPS. They can quote you a price and
    tell you where to send your money. Expect a 6-8 week turnaround time.

    A much faster way (about 1 week) is through Timely Discount Topos,
    (303)-469-5022, 9769 W. 119th Drive, Suite 9, Broomfield, CO 80021. Call
    them and tell them what you want. They'll quote a price, you send a
    check, and then they go to USGS Customer Service Counter and pick it up
    for you. Add about a $3-4 service charge, plus shipping.

    A (perhaps more accessible) mapping article is:

	R. Miller and F. Reddy, "Mapping the World in Pascal",
	Byte V12 #14, December 1987

	Contains Turbo Pascal procedures for five common map projections. A
	demo program, CARTOG.PAS, and a small (6,000 point) coastline data
	is available on CompuServe, GEnie, and many BBSs.

    Some references for spherical trignometry are:

	_Spherical Astronomy_, W.M. Smart, Cambridge U. Press, 1931.

	_A Compendium of Spherical Astronomy_, S. Newcomb, Dover, 1960.

	_Spherical Astronomy_, R.M. Green, Cambridge U. Press., 1985 (update
	of Smart).

	_Spherical Astronomy_, E Woolard and G.Clemence, Academic
	Press, 1966.


    PERFORMING N-BODY SIMULATIONS EFFICIENTLY

	"Computer Simulation Using Particles"
	R. W. Hockney and J. W. Eastwood
	(Adam Hilger; Bristol and Philadelphia; 1988)

	"The rapid evaluation of potential fields in particle systems",
	L. Greengard
	MIT Press, 1988.

	    A breakthrough O(N) simulation method. Has been parallelized.

	L. Greengard and V. Rokhlin, "A fast algorithm for particle
	simulations," Journal of Computational Physics, 73:325-348, 1987.

	"An O(N) Algorithm for Three-dimensional N-body Simulations", MSEE
	thesis, Feng Zhao, MIT AILab Technical Report 995, 1987

	"Galactic Dynamics"
	J. Binney & S. Tremaine
	(Princeton U. Press; Princeton; 1987)

	    Includes an O(N^2) FORTRAN code written by Aarseth, a pioneer in
	    the field.

	Hierarchical (N log N) tree methods are described in these papers:

	A. W. Appel, "An Efficient Program for Many-body Simulation", SIAM
	Journal of Scientific and Statistical Computing, Vol. 6, p. 85,
	1985.

	Barnes & Hut, "A Hierarchical O(N log N) Force-Calculation
	Algorithm", Nature, V324 # 6096, 4-10 Dec 1986.

	L. Hernquist, "Hierarchical N-body Methods", Computer Physics
	Communications, Vol. 48, p. 107, 1988.


    INTERPRETING THE FITS IMAGE FORMAT

    If you just need to examine FITS images, use the ppm package (see the
    comp.graphics FAQ) to convert them to your preferred format. For more
    information on the format and other software to read and write it, see
    the sci.astro.fits FAQ.


    SKY (UNIX EPHEMERIS PROGRAM)

    The 6th Edition of the Unix operating system came with several software
    systems not distributed because of older media capacity limitations.
    Included were an ephmeris, a satellite track, and speech synthesis
    software. The ephmeris, sky(6), is available within AT&T and to sites
    possessing a Unix source code license. The program is regarded as Unix
    source code. Sky is <0.5MB. Send proof of source code license to

	E. Miya
	MS 258-5
	NASA Ames Research Center
	Moffett Field, CA 94035-1000
	eugene@orville.nas.nasa.gov


    THREE-DIMENSIONAL STAR/GALAXY COORDINATES

    To generate 3D coordinates of astronomical objects, first obtain an
    astronomical database which specifies right ascension, declination, and
    parallax for the objects. Convert parallax into distance using the
    formula in part 6 of the FAQ, convert RA and declination to coordinates
    on a unit sphere (see some of the references on planetary positions and
    spherical trignometry earlier in this section for details on this), and
    scale this by the distance.

    Two databases useful for this purpose are the Yale Bright Star catalog
    (sources listed in FAQ section 3) or "The Catalogue of Stars within 25
    parsecs of the Sun" (in pub/SPACE/FAQ/stars.data and stars.doc on
    ames.arc.nasa.gov).

I've been to three talks in the last month which might be of interest. I've 
transcribed some of my notes below.  Since my note taking ability is by no means
infallible, please assume that all factual errors are mine.  Permission is 
granted to copy this without restriction.

Michael Sternberg, Cheif of Operations of RIMSAT, was invited to speak at an
informal lunch held by ACDIS here on the campus of the University of Illinois.
ACDIS is an organization on campus that deals with Arms Control, Disarmament and
International Security.  RIMSAT was considered an appropriate topic because the
company is using Russian launchers and satellites.  I think it also helped that
his daughter is a grad student in the International Relations program.

The concept behind RIMSAT apparently began when Matt Neilson (?) went to Tonga
to visit a friend.  While he was there, he somehow ended up visiting the king,
who happened to be a big TV fan.  Matt bought the King a satellite dish, which 
the king thought was really nifty.  Since Tonga has a GNP of about $70 million,
His Majesty asked if there was any way to make money off this.  Matt thought
there probably was, so at his suggestion, Tonga applied for 31 geosynchronous
satellite slots.  While this isn't entirely off the wall, it was very unusual,
seeing as Tonga was a tiny kingdom with no space program, and 31 is a lot of
slots.

The whole thing was debated in the appropriate regulatory agency and Carl
Hilliard (who is apparently a respected space lawyer) wrote several opinions
supporting Tonga's case.  Eventually Tonga ended up with 7 slots, ranging from 
70 E to 170 E (slots are designated by the longitude over which they reside).
According to Sternberg, four of these, from 130 E to 142 E are the best in the
world because they are excellently placed for communications between Hawaii and 
the Pacific Rim. 

RIMSAT was formed to use these slots. It was officially formed in Nevis as a tax
haven.  They tried for a few years to raise funds in the west, however, to
fill 7 slots with western satellites launched on western launchers would have
cost approximately $2 billion.  It's not easy to raise that kind of money.
Eventually, they hit upon the idea of using Russian hardware.  They began 
negotiating with Glavkosmos for hardware.  Mr Sternberg describes operating in 
Moscow in such harsh terms that I don't think I'll visit there for a long time.
Besides a significant lack of creature comforts, he was not happy with the way
that people operate.  For example "everybody can sell you everything."  
Everyone can show the proper documents and licenses that indicate they are the
only ones who have the authority to sell what ever you want to by.

Eventually, RIMSAT arranged a deal with Glavkosmos for 6 satellites at a cost
of $150 million.  However, Glavkosmos lost favor after the coup.  Sternberg
says that this is because they were basically a bunch of KGB operatives who 
went to trade shows and picked up lots of brochures.  Since Glavkosmos was
out of power, he had to renegotiate the deal with the new authorities.  He
again described life in a Moscow hotel in rather unfavorable terms.  Eventually,
he worked out a deal and on Dec 4, 1992 he met with Koptev, who heads the 
Russian space program, to sign the deal.  Koptev insisted on a few concessions
before signing and according to Sternberg he arranged these new rules to 
allow himself to form another company to do the exact same thing as RIMSAT.

The next step was to meet with the builders of the hardware, NPO Applied 
Mechanics -- NPO PM to use their acronym.  This organization is located in 
Siberia (can't figure out how to spell the town, I need an atlas) and has built
about 1500 vehicles since the dawn of the space age.  Sternberg commented that
siberians are very different from Musovites.  They are hard workers, honest
people who team up to get things done, very much like midwesterners.  At this
point there were some comments from the audience that agreed with his opinion on
both siberians and midwesterners :-)

Sternberg had lots of good things to say about NPO PM.  His company is 
apparently lookng for $100 million to invest in the firm to become 50% partners.It apparently costs the Russians about $4 million to build a satellite that
would sell for $50 million in the west.  If you want to give them 
specifications, they'll build you a satellite.  For the particular satellites
that RIMSAT will be using, costs run about $378,000 per transponder year.  This
compares to $810,000 t/y in the U.S.  They can sell their time for about $1.1
million compared to $2.6 million in the U.S.  RIMSAT will launch their 
satellites on Protons.  To get the best prices, they bought in bulk.  They 
have the rights to twelve launches, so if any of you need a lift I can give
you their address.  The first launch is scheduled for October and they are
getting one used satellite from the Russians, which is being moved into place
now.

Tidbits:

*  Sternberg says this kind of thing has to be done by entrepreneurs, not big
business because big business is just like what they have over there, except
that "we have better paper, both in the bathroom and in the copier."

*  Russian launches are self insured.  The promise to replace a failed launch
within 9 months.

*  Major investors in RIMSAT include Russell 20/20, which is a huge retirement
fund organization, Cellsat, which is a big telecom business in southeast Asia,
and a fund operated by some of the big names in U.S aerospace which he says is
sort of an insurance policy for them if this really takes off.

*  He downplayed the instabilites in the ex-USSR saying that we are worried
partly because we aren't used to seeing Russia as anything but an unvarying
monolith.  Italy gets a new government "every two weeks" but we don't worry 
because we're used to it.  He predicted that once we get used to seeing what
really goes on in Russia we won't worry about their stability as much.

*  Part of the problem with cooperative ventures is the problem of transfering
money.  The central bank has a policy of taking hard currency payments, putting
25% in their coffers and replacing the rest with the "equivalent" value in 
rubles.  To get around this, RIMSAT pays their hard currency into an Austrian
bank account.  NPO PM then pays their contractors with foreign currency so that
the only the contractors get swindled by the government.

*  One of the big problems RIMSAT has had is stonewalling by the western 
satellite industry.  However, Intelsat recently bought three of the same type
of satellites, which was rather reassuring.

*  The biggest worry most people have about russian satellites is the primitive
technology and shorter lifetime.  The older Gorizont (Horizon) satellites have
a lifetime of about 5 years, while the more modern Express satellites compare
well with western technology and last about 8 years.  While this is much 
shorter than 15 years for western satellites, Sternberg downplayed the 
difference.  At these prices they can afford to launch new ones.  In addition,
shorter lifetimes mean that they can replace their equipment with newer
technology so they will be able to compete better than older, out of date
hardware.

(hudson)
(me)

/(hudson)
/So. Why is someone elses will such a big deal if morality is all relative.


I don't believe I ever said that morality was all relative.

What I said was that I can make my mind up on my own, thank you, and that 
you don't have the right to tell others what to think.

I think that you will find that in most moral systems, there is 
a respect for human life and the dignity of the person.  It is all the
stuff besides these points that forms the core of the disagreement between 
primitive moral absolutists like yourself and the rest of us.



/(hudson)
/Maybe (the insane lover of pain might reason) if other people experienced
/enough pain, they might learn to enjoy it, too.  

Fine.  There is still the clinical definition of crazy.  And this also
involves a violation of free will, because the insane lover of your
little example would be inflicting pain on a non-willing subject.

Try again.




(hudson)
(me)

/(hudson)
/You have to have some sort of premise about choice or self-awareness.


No, you do not.  I demonstrated to you the example of the football
team which doesn't require premises about freedom of choice or 
sentience/self-awareness.  
I was recently talking to a possible employer ( mine! :-) ) and he made a reference to a
48-bit graphics computer/image processing system.  I seem to remember it being called IMAGE or
something akin to that.  Anyway, he claimed it had 48-bit color + a 12-bit alpha channel.  That's
60 bits of info--what could that possibly be for?  Specifically the 48-bit color?  That's 280
trillion colors, many more than the human eye can resolve.  Is this an anti-aliasing thing?  Or
is this just some magic number to make it work better with a certain processor.

	Also, to settle a bet with my roommate, what are SGI's flagship products?  I know of
Iris, Indigo, and Crimson, but what are the other ones, and which is their top-of-the-line?
(sadly, I have access to none of them.  Just a DEC 5000/25.  Sigh.)
Archive-name: space/diff

DIFFS SINCE LAST FAQ POSTING (IN POSTING ORDER)

(These are hand-edited context diffs; do not attempt to use them to patch
old copies of the FAQ).

===================================================================
diff -t -c -r1.18 FAQ.intro
*** /tmp/,RCSt1a06400	Thu Apr  1 14:47:22 1993
--- FAQ.intro	Thu Apr  1 14:46:55 1993
***************
*** 101,107 ****
		  NASA Langley (Technical Reports)
		  NASA Spacelink
		  National Space Science Data Center
-		  Space And Planetary Image Facility
		  Space Telescope Science Institute Electronic Info. Service
		  Starcat
		  Astronomical Databases
--- 101,106 ----
***************
*** 130,135 ****
--- 129,135 ----
	      LLNL "great exploration"
	      Lunar Prospector
	      Lunar science and activities
+	      Orbiting Earth satellite histories
	      Spacecraft models
	      Rocket propulsion
	      Spacecraft design

===================================================================
diff -t -c -r1.18 FAQ.net
*** /tmp/,RCSt1a06405	Thu Apr  1 14:47:24 1993
--- FAQ.net	Thu Apr  1 14:46:57 1993
***************
*** 58,63 ****
--- 58,67 ----
      elements are sent out on the list from Dr. Kelso, JSC, and other sources
      as they are released. Email to elements-request@telesoft.com to join.

+     GPS Digest is a moderated list for discussion of the Global Positioning
+     System and other satellite navigation positioning systems. Email to
+     gps-request@esseye.si.com to join.
+
      Space-investors is a list for information relevant to investing in
      space-related companies. Email Vincent Cate (vac@cs.cmu.edu) to join.

***************
*** 223,227 ****
--- 227,241 ----
      1030. If in fact you should should learn of unauthorized access, contact
      NASA personnel.

+     Claims have been made on this news group about fraud and waste. None
+     have ever been substantiated to any significant degree. Readers
+     detecting Fraud, Waste, Abuse, or Mismanagement should contact the NASA
+     Inspector General (24-hours) at 800-424-9183 (can be anonymous) or write
+
+	  NASA
+	  Inspector General
+	  P.O. Box 23089
+	  L'enfant Plaza Station
+	  Washington DC 20024

  NEXT: FAQ #3/15 - Online (and some offline) sources of images, data, etc.

===================================================================
diff -t -c -r1.18 FAQ.data
*** /tmp/,RCSt1a06410	Thu Apr  1 14:47:26 1993
--- FAQ.data	Thu Apr  1 14:46:54 1993
***************
*** 216,237 ****
	  Telephone: (301) 286-6695

	  Email address:   request@nssdca.gsfc.nasa.gov
-
-
-     SPACE AND PLANETARY IMAGE FACILITY
-
-     Available 24 hours a day via anonymous FTP from pioneer.unm.edu. Has
-     approximately 150 CD-ROM's full of imagery, raw, and tabular data. To
-     start, get the file:
-
-	  pioneer.unm.edu:pub/info/beginner-info
-
-     This will hopefully give you all of the information you need to get data
-     from their machine. beginner-info has been translated to other
-     languages, you should look inside pub/info for the particular language
-     that meets your needs.
-
-     Contact help@pioneer.unm.edu.


      SPACE TELESCOPE SCIENCE INSTITUTE ELECTRONIC INFORMATION SERVICE
--- 216,221 ----

===================================================================
diff -t -c -r1.18 FAQ.math
*** /tmp/,RCSt1a06415	Thu Apr  1 14:47:28 1993
--- FAQ.math	Thu Apr  1 14:46:56 1993
***************
*** 60,65 ****
--- 60,71 ----
	  Gives series to compute positions accurate to 1 arc minute for a
	  period + or - 300 years from now. Pluto is included but stated to
	  have an accuracy of only about 15 arc minutes.
+
+     _Multiyear Interactive Computer Almanac_ (MICA), produced by the US
+     Naval Observatory. Valid for years 1990-1999. $55 ($80 outside US).
+     Available for IBM (order #PB93-500163HDV) or Macintosh (order
+     #PB93-500155HDV). From the NTIS sales desk, (703)-487-4650. I believe
+     this is intended to replace the USNO's Interactive Computer Ephemeris.

      _Interactive Computer Ephemeris_ (from the US Naval Observatory)
      distributed on IBM-PC floppy disks, $35 (Willmann-Bell). Covers dates

===================================================================
diff -t -c -r1.18 FAQ.references
*** /tmp/,RCSt1a06420	Thu Apr  1 14:47:30 1993
--- FAQ.references	Thu Apr  1 14:46:59 1993
***************
*** 93,100 ****
      US Naval Observatory
	  202-653-1079 (USNO Bulletin Board via modem)
	  202-653-1507 General
-	  202-653-1545 Nautical Almanac Office (info on the Interactive
-	      Computer Ephemeris)

      Willmann-Bell
      P.O. Box 35025
--- 93,98 ----
***************
*** 138,151 ****
      SDI's SSRT (Single Stage Rocket Technology) project has funded a
      suborbital technology demonstrator called DC-X that should fly in
      mid-1993. Further development towards an operational single-stage to
!     orbit vehicle is uncertain at present; for considerably more detail on
!     the SSRT program, get the document

!	  ames.arc.nasa.gov:pub/SPACE/FAQ/DeltaClipper

!     by anonymous FTP or through the email server.


      HOW TO NAME A STAR AFTER A PERSON

      Official names are decided by committees of the International
--- 136,151 ----
      SDI's SSRT (Single Stage Rocket Technology) project has funded a
      suborbital technology demonstrator called DC-X that should fly in
      mid-1993. Further development towards an operational single-stage to
!     orbit vehicle (called Delta Clipper) is uncertain at present.

!     An collection of pictures and files relating to DC-X is available by
!     anonymous FTP or email server in the directory

!	  bongo.cc.utexas.edu:pub/delta-clipper

+     Chris W. Johnson (chrisj@emx.cc.utexas.edu) maintains the archive.

+
      HOW TO NAME A STAR AFTER A PERSON

      Official names are decided by committees of the International
***************
*** 223,228 ****
--- 223,236 ----
      University Press, 1970. Information about the Lunar Orbiter missions,
      including maps of the coverage of the lunar nearside and farside by
      various Orbiters.
+
+
+     ORBITING EARTH SATELLITE HISTORIES
+
+     A list of Earth orbiting satellites (that are still in orbit) is
+     available by anonymous FTP in:
+
+	  ames.arc.nasa.gov:pub/SPACE/FAQ/Satellites


      SPACECRAFT MODELS

===================================================================
diff -t -c -r1.18 FAQ.addresses
*** /tmp/,RCSt1a06435	Thu Apr  1 14:47:34 1993
--- FAQ.addresses	Thu Apr  1 14:46:51 1993
***************
*** 75,80 ****
--- 75,85 ----
	  the latter, an SF 171 is useless. Employees are Caltech employees,
	  contractors, and for the most part have similar responsibilities.
	  They offer an alternative to funding after other NASA Centers.
+
+	  A fact sheet and description of JPL is available by anonymous
+	  FTP in
+
+	      ames.arc.nasa.gov:pub/SPACE/FAQ/JPLDescription

      NASA Johnson Manned Space Center (JSC)
      Houston, TX 77058

===================================================================
diff -t -c -r1.18 FAQ.new_probes
*** /tmp/,RCSt1a06450	Thu Apr  1 14:47:38 1993
--- FAQ.new_probes	Thu Apr  1 14:46:58 1993
***************
*** 8,13 ****
--- 8,19 ----
      team, ISAS/NASDA launch schedules, press kits.


+     ASUKA (ASTRO-D) - ISAS (Japan) X-ray astronomy satellite, launched into
+     Earth orbit on 2/20/93. Equipped with large-area wide-wavelength (1-20
+     Angstrom) X-ray telescope, X-ray CCD cameras, and imaging gas
+     scintillation proportional counters.
+
+
      CASSINI - Saturn orbiter and Titan atmosphere probe. Cassini is a joint
      NASA/ESA project designed to accomplish an exploration of the Saturnian
      system with its Cassini Saturn Orbiter and Huygens Titan Probe. Cassini
***************
*** 98,115 ****


      MAGELLAN - Venus radar mapping mission. Has mapped almost the entire
!     surface at high resolution. Currently (11/92) in mapping cycle 4,
!     collecting a global gravity map.


      MARS OBSERVER - Mars orbiter including 1.5 m/pixel resolution camera.
!     Launched 9/24/92 on a Titan III/TOS booster. MO is currently (3/93) in
      transit to Mars, arriving on 8/24/93. Operations will start 11/93 for
      one martian year (687 days).


!     TOPEX/Poseidon - Joint US/French Earth observing satellite, launched in
!     August 1992 on an Ariane 4 booster. The primary objective of the
      TOPEX/POSEIDON project is to make precise and accurate global
      observations of the sea level for several years, substantially
      increasing understanding of global ocean dynamics. The satellite also
--- 104,121 ----


      MAGELLAN - Venus radar mapping mission. Has mapped almost the entire
!     surface at high resolution. Currently (4/93) collecting a global gravity
!     map.


      MARS OBSERVER - Mars orbiter including 1.5 m/pixel resolution camera.
!     Launched 9/25/92 on a Titan III/TOS booster. MO is currently (4/93) in
      transit to Mars, arriving on 8/24/93. Operations will start 11/93 for
      one martian year (687 days).


!     TOPEX/Poseidon - Joint US/French Earth observing satellite, launched
!     8/10/92 on an Ariane 4 booster. The primary objective of the
      TOPEX/POSEIDON project is to make precise and accurate global
      observations of the sea level for several years, substantially
      increasing understanding of global ocean dynamics. The satellite also

===================================================================
diff -t -c -r1.18 FAQ.astronaut
*** /tmp/,RCSt1a06465	Thu Apr  1 14:47:43 1993
--- FAQ.astronaut	Thu Apr  1 14:46:52 1993
***************
*** 162,174 ****
      specific standards:

	   Distant visual acuity:
!		20/100 or better uncorrected,
		correctable to 20/20, each eye.

	   Blood pressure:
		140/90 measured in sitting position.

!     3. Height between 60 and 76 inches.

      Pilot Astronaut Candidate:

--- 162,174 ----
      specific standards:

	   Distant visual acuity:
!		20/150 or better uncorrected,
		correctable to 20/20, each eye.

	   Blood pressure:
		140/90 measured in sitting position.

!     3. Height between 58.5 and 76 inches.
SSF is up for redesign again.  Let's do it right this
time!  Let's step back and consider the functionality we want:

[1] microgravity/vacuum process research
[2] life sciences research (adaptation to space)
[3] spacecraft maintenence 

The old NASA approach, explified by Shuttle and SSF so far, was to
centralize functionality.  These projects failed to meet
their targets by a wide margin: the military and commercial users 
took most of their payloads off Shuttle after wasting much effort to 
tie their payloads to it, and SSF has crumbled into disorganization
and miscommunication.  Over $50 billion has been spent on these
two projects with no reduction in launch costs and littel improvement
in commercial space industrialization.  Meanwhile, military and commercial 
users have come up with a superior strategy for space development: the 
constellation.  

Firstly, different functions are broken down into different 
constellations placed in the optimal orbit for each function:
thus we have the GPS/Navstar constellation in 12-hour orbits,
comsats in Clarke and Molniya orbits, etc.  Secondly, the task
is distributed amongst several spacecraft in a constellation,
providing for redundancy and full coverage where needed.

SSF's 3 main functions require quite different environments
and are also prime candidates for constellization.

[1] We have the makings of a microgravity constellation now:
COMET and Mir for long-duration flights, Shuttle/Spacelab for
short-duration flights.  The best strategy for this area is
inexpensive, incremental improvement: installation of U.S. facilities 
on Mir, Shuttle/Mir linkup, and transition from Shuttle/Spacelab
to a much less expensive SSTO/Spacehab/COMET or SSTO/SIF/COMET.
We might also expand the research program to take advantage of 
interesting space environments, eg the high-radiation Van Allen belt 
or gas/plasma gradients in comet tails.  The COMET system can
be much more easily retrofitted for these tasks, where a 
station is too large to affordably launch beyond LEO.

[2] We need to study life sciences not just in microgravity,
but also in lunar and Martian gravities, and in the radiation
environments of deep space instead of the protected shelter
of LEO.  This is a very long-term, low-priority project, since
astronauts will have little practical use in the space program
until costs come down orders of magnitude.  Furthermore, using
astronauts severely restricts the scope of the investigation,
and the sample size.  So I propose LabRatSat, a constellation
tether-bolo satellites that test out various levels of gravity
in super-Van-Allen-Belt orbits that are representative of the
radiation environment encountered on Earth-Moon, Earth-Mars,
Earth-asteroid, etc. trips.  The miniaturized life support
machinery might be operated real-time from earth thru a VR
interface.  AFter several orbital missions have been flown,
follow-ons can act as LDEFs on the lunar and Martian surface,
testing out the actual environment at low cost before $billions
are spent on astronauts.

[3] By far the largest market for spacecraft servicing is in 
Clarke orbit.  I propose a fleet of small teleoperated
robots and small test satellites on which ground engineers can
practice their skills.  Once in place, robots can pry stuck
solar arrays and antennas, attach solar battery power packs,
inject fuel, etc.  Once the fleet is working, it can be
spun off to commercial company(s) who can work with the comsat
companies to develop comsat replaceable module standards.

By applying the successful constellation strategy, and getting
rid of the failed centralized strategy of STS and old SSF, we
have radically improved the capability of the program while
greatly cutting its cost.  For a fraction of SSF's pricetag,
we can fix satellites where the satellites are, we can study
life's adaptation to a much large & more representative variety 
of space environments, and we can do microgravity and vacuum
research inexpensively and, if needed, in special-purpose
orbits.

N.B., we can apply the constellation strategy to space exploration
as well, greatly cutting its cost and increasing its functionality.  
Mars Network and Artemis are two good examples of this; more ambitiously 
we can set up a network of native propellant plants on Mars that can be used
to fuel planet-wide rover/ballistic hopper prospecting and
sample return.  The descendants of LabRatSat's technology can
be used as a Mars surface LDEF and to test out closed-ecology
greenhouses on Mars at low cost.



      ?Huh? Okay, so I'm not Eric Molas, but even if that _is_ how he
feels about life, I disagree with it.

      Life, to me, is definitely NOT meaningless; it has precisely the
purpose and meaning I choose to give it. I go on living because I _like_
living; if I needed any further reason, I'd be free - completely free! -
to pick any reason that suited me. That freedom can be almost
intoxicating; it's probably the closest I've ever been to a 'religious'
experience. I'm *very* glad I am an atheist; I wouldn't be anything
else.


      Not unless, in explaining your own subjective experience, you also
try to convert him or proselytize. Merely explaining the effects you
personally experience religion as having on you, is not "infectious".
Not unless Eric is paranoid, that is. ;->


      Whatever floats your goat. You sound happy enough; that's fairly
much all that matters, right?


      Erh... Pardon, but it strikes me that sentence sounds reversible.


      "Empty spot"? "God-shaped hole"? I hear such things a lot from
theists; never quite did understand what they were talking about.
I have no such 'emptiness' or 'hole'. Maybe some others do, I wouldn't
know; but I don't, and if I did, I'd seek help about it. Doesn't sound
like a mentally healthy situation at all, walking around with a 'hole'
in oneself.


      Well, not having written that original post, I don't know if it
was intended to be interpreted in such a way; but, having reread it
carefully, I somewhat doubt it. At least, that's not how he gets across
to _me_, your mileage may vary...

Just a pointer to the article in the current Science News article
on Federal R&D funding.

Very briefly, all R&D is being shifted to gaining current 
competitive advantage from things like military and other work that
does not have as much commercial utility.

Coming from a long line of "hot tempered" people, I know temper when I see
it.  One of the tell tale signs/fruits that give non-christians away - is
when their net replies are acrid, angry and sarcastic.  

We in the net village do have a laugh or two when professed, born again
christians verbally attack people who might otherwise have been won to
christianity and had originally joined the discussions because they were
"spiritually hungry."  Instead of answering questions with sweetness and
sincerity, these chrisitan net-warriors, "flame" the queries. 

You don't need any enemies.  You already do yourselves the greatest harm.


I think the passage you're looking for is the following.

Matthew 5:17    "Think not that I have come to abolish the law and the 
prophets; I have come not to abolish them but to fulfil them. 
Matthew 5:18   For truly, I say to you, till heaven and earth pass away, 
not an iota, not a dot, will pass from the law until all is accomplished. 
Matthew 5:19   Whoever then relaxes one of the least of these commandments 
and teaches men so, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven; but he 
who does them and teaches them shall be called great in the kingdom of 
heaven. 
Matthew 5:20   For I tell you, unless your righteousness exceeds that of 
the scribes and Pharisees, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. 

There are several problems with this.  The most serious is that the
Law was regarded by Jews at the time (and now) as binding on Jews, but
not on Gentiles.  There are rules that were binding on all human
beings (the so-called Noachic laws), but they are quite minimal.  The
issue that the Church had to face after Jesus' death was what to do
about Gentiles who wanted to follow Christ.  The decision not to
impose the Law on them didn't say that the Law was abolished.  It
simply acknowledged that fact that it didn't apply to Gentiles.  This
is a simple answer, which I think just about everyone can agree to.
(A discussion of the issue in more or less these terms is recorded
in Acts 15.)

However there's more involved.  In order to get a full picture of the
role of the Law, we have to come to grips with Paul's apparent
rejection of the Law, and how that relates to Jesus' commendation of
the Law.  At least as I read Paul, he says that the Law serves a
purpose that has been in a certain sense superceded.  Again, this
issue isn't one of the abolition of the Law.  In the middle of his
discussion, Paul notes that he might be understood this way, and
assures us that that's not what he intends to say.  Rather, he sees
the Law as primarily being present to convict people of their
sinfulness.  But ultimately it's an impossible standard, and one that
has been superceded by Christ.  Paul's comments are not the world's
clearest here, and not everyone agrees with my reading.  But the
interesting thing to notice is that even this radical position does
not entail an abolition of the Law.  It still remains as an
uncompromising standard, from which not an iota or dot may be removed.
For its purpose of convicting of sin, it's important that it not be
relaxed.  However for Christians, it's not the end -- ultimately we
live in faith, not Law.

While the theoretical categories they use are rather different, in the
end I think Jesus and Paul come to a rather similar conclusion.  The
quoted passage from Mat 5 should be taken in the context of the rest
of the Sermon on the Mount, where Jesus shows us how he interprets the
Law.  The "not an iota or dot" would suggest a rather literal reading,
but in fact that's not Jesus' approach.  Jesus' interpretations
emphasize the intent of the Law, and stay away from the ceremonial
details.  Indeed he is well known for taking a rather free attitude
towards the Sabbath and kosher laws.  Some scholars claim that Mat
5:17-20 needs to be taken in the context of 1st Cent. Jewish
discussions.  Jesus accuses his opponents of caring about giving a
tenth of even the most minor herbs, but neglecting the things that
really matter: justice, mercy and faith, and caring about how cups and
plates are cleaned, but not about the fact that inside the people who
use them are full of extortion and rapacity.  (Mat 23:23-25) This, and
the discussion later in Mat 5, suggest that Jesus has a very specific
view of the Law in mind, and that when he talks about maintaining the
Law in its full strength, he is thinking of these aspects of it.
Paul's conclusion is similar.  While he talks about the Law being
superceded, all of the specific examples he gives involve the
"ceremonial law", such as circumcision and the Sabbath.  He is quite
concerned about maintaining moral standards.

The net result of this is that when Paul talks about the Law being
superceded, and Jesus talks about the Law being maintained, I believe
they are talking about different aspects of the Law.  Paul is
embroiled in arguments about circumcision.  As is natural in letters
responding to specific situations, he's looking at the aspect of the
Law that is currently causing trouble: the Law as specifically Jewish
ceremonies.  He certainly does not intend to abolish divine standards
of conduct.  On the other hand, when Jesus commends the Law, he seems
to be talking the Law in its broadest implications for morals and
human relationships, and deemphasizing those aspects that were later
to give Paul so much trouble.



I was suggesting that the minority of professional and amateur astronomers
have the right to a dark, uncluttered night sky.

Let me give you an example.  When you watch TV, they have commercials to pay
for the programming.  You accept that as part of watching.  If you don't like
it, you can turn it off.  If you want to view the night sky, and there is a
floating billboard out there, you can't turn it off.  It's the same 
reasoning that limits billboards in scenic areas.

George.

	It's called a democracy.  The majority rules.  sorry.
If ytou don't like it, I suggest you modify the constitution to include
a constitutional right to Dark Skies.   The theory of government
here is that the majority rules,  except in the nature of fundamental
civil rights.

I say: 
	Any reasonably in-depth perusal of American history will show
	you that many WASPs have continued the practices of prejudice,
	discrimination, and violence against others of different
	races, religions, and beliefs, despite the law.

If you really are annoyed,   get some legislation
to create a dark sky zone,  where in all light emissions are protected
in the zone.  Kind of like the national radio quiet zone.  Did you
know about that?  near teh Radio telescope  observatory in West virginia,
they have a 90?????? mile EMCON zone.  Theoretically they can prevent
you from running light AC motors, like air conditioners and Vacuums.
In practice, they use it mostly to  control  large radio users.

I say:
What I'm objecting to here is a floating billboard that, presumably,
would move around in the sky.  I, for one, am against legislating
at all.  I just wish that people had a bit of common courtesy, and
would consider how their greed for money impacts the more ethereal and
aesthetic values that make us human.  This includes the need for wild
and unspoiled things, including the night sky.

George








When I was at the Texas Star Party a few years ago, the sky was so dark
that Venus did, indeed, cause light pollution until it set.

Even if the billboard were dark it could cause a problem.  Imagine observing an
object and halfway through your run, your object was occulted!

I would guess that most of the people stating positive opinions are not 
fanatically serious observers.

It is so typical that the rights of the minority are extinguished by the
wants of the majority, no matter how ridiculous those wants might be.
 
George Krumins
-- 


	Please do! And if you don't want to post it here, email to me
:-) I don't know how this discussion is appreciated here. I hate
'invading' newsgroups with themes of limited interest :-)
I have a routine that changes the color (RGB) attributes on my
VGA adapter, but it doesn't work in the mode that I need.  
Specifically 68 hex.  An obscure mode, of course, but I need to
change the zillions of colors to 64 shade greyscale, but I do
not have the correct memory address for the pointer I need.

PLEASE, someone, I need the starting address, or maybe somewhere 
I can find it.  Thank you.

: medtronic.COM (Dale M. Skiba) entirely missed my point in my previous

: : firmly on the western coast of the Med.  You can bet IUm gonna keep this
: baby

: >My my my, such double standards.  You neglected to give any primary sources
: >for your book,  _Encyclopedia of the Bible_.  Are we to expect that source
: >to be as unbiased as the other sources...  MR. Butler *DID* give at least
: >one source, you have given none.

: REPLY

: It was a JOKE.  The Readers digest _Encyclopedia of the Bible_ was the most
: outrageously bogus *authority* I could dredge from my shelves.
: I was trying to point out that going to some encyclopedia, rather than
:  original or scholarly sources is a BIG MISTAKE in procedure.  I am glad
: to note that Butler and DeCesno are arguing about substance now,
: rather than about arguing.

I guess the joke was on me...  I am so used to seeing bogus stuff
posted here that I assumed that yours was necessarily the same.

Hi there,

is there anybody who know a polygon_reduction algorithm for
marching cube surfaces. e.g. the algirithm of Schroeder,
Siggraph'92.

For any hints, hugs and kisses.

- Erwin
Just finished reading Burton Mack's new book, _The Lost Gospel, Q and Christian
Origins_.  I thought it was totally cool.  Anyone else read it and want to 
talk?

Thanks for typing that in, Steven.  Sounds like a "fall back and
regroup" strategy session.

I wanted to add that my copy of the brochure arrived with a flattering
cover letter:

"Invitations are being extended to those who have demonstrated a
strong committment to space program development and have been
influential in its advancement.  We sincerely hope you will be able to
attend."

Wow! I wonder which of my contributions to the conquest of space
convinced them to send me this letter?

I hope you decide to go, Pat.  The Net can use some eyes and ears
there...
I saw this subject and all I could think of was a parade at Wrigley Field
in Chicago.

Or maybe it's just me. 

:)


-- 
Marc Cooper - Graphics Programmer - Sverdrup Tech.| "As a child, I WAS an 
fsmarc@lerc.nasa.gov                              |       imaginary playmate."
NASA Lewis Research Center  MS 5-11               |                        
21000 Brookpark Dr.                               | Tom Robbins
Cleveland, OH  44135               (216) 433-8898 | Even Cowgirls Get the Blues

: I'm trying out the C++ graphics package InterViews. Besides the man pages
: on the classes, I haven't got any documentation. Is there anything else
: around? Furthermore, can anyone send me a (small!) example program
: which shows how to use these classes together ? I would be very gratefull...
Have you checked out Adobe Illustrator? There are a few Unix versions
for it available, depending on your platform. I know of two Unix versions:
One for Mach (NeXT) and for Irix (SGI). There may be others, such
as for Sun SparcStation, but I don't know for sure.

ttyl,


Well said.
 

Okay, Del, so Michael was being unfair, but you are being unfair back.  
He is taking college courses now, I presume he is studying hard, and
his postings reveal that he is *somewhat* hip to the technical issues
of astronautics.  Plus, he is attentively following the erudite
discourse of the Big Brains who post to sci.space; is it not
inevitable that he will get a splendid technical education from
reading the likes of you and me? [1]

Like others involved in sci.space, Mr. Adams shows symptoms of being a
fledgling member of the technoculture, and I think he's soaking it up
fast.  I was a young guy with dreams once, and they led me to get a
technical education to follow them up.  Too bad I wound up in an
assembly-line job stamping out identical neutrinos day after day...
(-:

[1] Though rumors persist that Del and I are both pseudonyms of Fred
McCall.
Hello again netters,
	I finally received the information about Imagine for the PC.  They are presently shipping Version 2.0 of the software and will release Version 3.0 in the first quarter of 1993 (or so they say).  The upgrade from 2.0 to 3.0 is $100.00.  To purchase Imagine 2.0, it costs $495.00 or if you are upgrading from another eligible (call them for info) modeler, it is only $200.00 plus shipping & handling.   It requires a PC with 4 Megs a Math Coprocessor, and Dos 5.0 or up and a Microsoft Mouse and SVGA card.
	Thanks for all your replies about the product.  I have received many contrasting replies, but once I scrounge the money together, I think I will take the plunge.  Thanks again.
	Here is the info for Impulse if you want to find out more or get the sheet they sent.
	Impulse Inc.
	8416 Xerxes Avenue North
	Minneapolis, MN 55444
	1-800-328-0184

Thanks again for all your replies.
Scott
-- 
Scott Snowiss
sasst11+@.pitt.edu


May I suggest the book: "Ethics" by Dr. Norm Geisler, of Dallas Theological
Seminary.  In it, he goes over all the arguments pro and con and in-between,
and comes up with a very reasonable answer.  If I have time, and there is
enough interest, I may post his position.

Jon Noring

-- 

Charter Member --->>>  INFJ Club.

(Atheist drivel deleted . . .)

			Untitled
			========

	A seed is such a miraculous thing,
	It can sit on a shelf forever.
	But how it knows what to do, when it's stuck in the ground,
	Is what makes it so clever.
	It draws nutrients from the soil through it's roots,
	And gathers its force from the sun
	It puts forth a whole lot of blossoms and fruit,
	Then recedes itself when it is done.
	Who programmed the seed to know just what to do?
	And who put the sun in the sky?
	And who put the food in the dirt for the roots?
	And who told the bees to come by?
	And who makes the water to fall from above,
	To refresh and make everything pure?
	Perhaps all of this is a product of love,
	And perhaps it happened by chance.
				Yeah, sure.

			-Johnny Hart, cartoonist for _B.C._
:Just a bit off, Phil.  We don't reprocess nuclear fuel because what
:you get from the reprocessing plant is bomb-grade plutonium.  It is
:also cheaper, given current prices of things, to simply fabricate new
:fuel rods rather than reprocess the old ones, creating potentially
:dangerous materials (from a national security point of view) and then
:fabricate that back into fuel rods.

Fabricating with reprocessed plutonium may result in something that may go
kind of boom, but its hardly decent bomb grade plutonium.  If you want bomb
grade plutonium use a research reactor, not a power reactor.  But if you want
a bomb, don't use plutonium, use uranium.


Dear Tim:

You say that you were a "catholic," but if you do not believe in the Christian
God (I suppose that means the God of the Bible) and publicly state this,   
you are in all probability not a Roman Catholic.  "Public heretics, even
those who err in good faith (material heretics), do not belong to the body
of the Church" (Fundamentals of Catholic Dogma, 1960, Ludwig Ott, p. 311).

All is not lost, however, as you still might belong spiritually to the
Church by your desire to belong to it.  As you said, only God can judge
the condition of a man's soul.  About judgment, on the other hand, St. Paul 
1 Cor 5:12) urges Christians to judge their fellow Christians. 
Following the Apostle's teaching, I judge that you should reconsider   
returning to the Christian fold and embrace the God of Abraham, Isaac,
and Jacob.  He is the God who lives.  

Concerning what you were told about non-believers when you were a catholic,
that is true.  As I have posted before, Vatican II (Lumen Gentium, II,   
n. 16) teaches: "Those who, through no fault of their own, do not know
the Gospel of Christ or His Chruch, but who nevertheless seek God with a
sincere heart, and moved by grace, try in their actions to do His will
as they know it through the dictates of their conscience - those too may
achieve eternal salvation."  

Responding to your solicitation for opinions on the thinking processes
of God, the best I can do is refer you to Scripture.  Scripture is one
of the best sources for learning what can be known about God.  

Stick with the best.
-- 
boundary, the catechist 



The Command Loss Timer is a timer that does just what its name says;
it indicates to the probe that it has lost its data link for receiving
commands.  Upon expiration of the Command Loss Timer, I believe the
probe starts a 'search for Earth' sequence (involving antenna pointing
and attitude changes which consume fuel) to try to reestablish
communications.  No-ops are sent periodically through those periods
when there are no real commands to be sent, just so the probe knows
that we haven't forgotten about it.

Hope that's clear enough to be comprehensible. 

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
I used to be a marriage commissioner for the Alaska Court
System (sort of a justice of the peace).  I had great difficulty
with that duty.  I used to pray earnestly in the courthouse
bathroom before the ceremonies, mostly asking that the couples
would come to appreciate and fulfill the true holiness and
divine purpose in marriage--couples who obviously didn't realize
that marriage is God's institution, not the state's.  Gradually,
however, I came to conclude that because I was acting in a
strictly secular, public capacity, established as such by both
the state and the expectations of the couples involved, I was
really conducting a purely secular, legal civil event, with no
greater moral or religious implications than if I had been
conducting a civil trial (the couple who told me, mid-ceremony,
to "please hurry it up" may have helped me to this conclusion). 

     I thought I had neatly rationalized a clear and sharp
distinction between marriage before God, and "marriage" before
the state, until I had to deal with my own divorce.  Keeping
Matthew 19:6 in mind, I felt that the state had no business
dissolving my marriage established before God, but of course it
assumed jurisdiction nonetheless.  

      I would ask those of you proposing answers to this
question to consider this issue's logical extension: If
intercourse, or the mental intent of the parties, or the
ceremony of the church, or any combination thereof, establishes
marriage, then at what moment is it dissolved?  

(1) No explicit (c) is necessary.  If it the image is attributed to the
Geosphere Company, then there is a likelihood permission is has been
given to reprint.

(2) Unlikely that the owner can or will go after individuals.
However, "interesting" images do make their way into ads and
computer demos. That is when a pirate might get some flak.
This image is considered so "interesting" that many people would
like to use it whenever some global map is needed, so there
is lots of temptation.

(3) One mail person said since the source data- satellite imagery-
is not copyrighted, then the derived image can't be.  Not true.
A new, distinctive, creative expression of the data can be protected.
This image is certainly fits such, since NO ONE ELSE has taken the
tremendous effort to re-create it themselves.  Precedent is a recent
telephone book court case.  Ma Bell tried to copyright the data in
their books and prevent competitors from copying it (there are
trick entries in the book).  But the court only permitted copyright
of the expression of the data, and not the data themselves. (You cant
xerox and sell the telephone book.)

(4) There will be more attention to digital copyrights in the future
and computer becomes a mass product and moguls such as Bill Gates
are currently hoarding the digital copyrights.
	Nor, to point out the obvious, are the deluded, siege-mentality
followers of a religious nut-case who thought he was Jesus Christ or possibly
The Big Guy.
	Personally, much as I regard the BATF and FBI as ConDupes, I'll take
their word over a bunch of silly pinks who were stoopid enough to lock
themselves up with a goofball like "David Koresh" in a makeshift arsenal.
	************************************************************
	*  	The_Doge of South St. Louis			   *
	*		Dobbs-Approved Media Conspirator(tm)	   *
	*	"One Step Beyond"  -- Sundays, 3 to 5 pm	   *
	*		88.1 FM		St. Louis Community Radio  *
	*  "You'll pay to know what you *really* think!"           *
	*			-- J.R. "Bob" Dobbs"		   *
	************************************************************

on Date: Sat, 3 Apr 1993 12:38:50 GMT, Paul Dietz <dietz@cs.rochester.edu>

/in essence, holding a match under the nozzle, is just *nuts*.  One
/thing you absolutely must do in such an engine is to guarantee that
/the propellants ignite as soon as they mix, within milliseconds.  To
/do otherwise is to fill your engine with a high explosive mixture
/which, when it finally does ignite, blows everything to hell.

Definitely! In one of the reports of an early test conducted by Rocketdyne at 
their Santa Susanna Field Lab ("the Hill" above the San Fernando and Simi 
Valleys), the result of a hung start was described as "structural failure" of 
the combustion chamber.  The inspection picture showed pumps with nothing below
, the CC had vaporized!  This was described in a class I took as a "typical
engineering understatement" :-)
I think Mark was talking about making it available to people who didn't
have email in the first place.

If anybody in the Boston area wants a sci.space feed by honest-to-gosh UUCP
(no weird offline malreaders), let me know.  I'll also hand out logins to
anyone who wants one, especially the Boston Chapter of NSS (which I keep forgetting
to re-attend).





Sherzer Methodology!!!!!!






That would not explain why widely separated detectors, such as on Ulysses
and PVO and Ginga et al., would see a burst at the same time(*).  In fact, be-
fore BATSE, having this widely separated "Interplanetary Network" was the
only sure way to locate a random burst.  With only one detector, one cannot
locate a burst (except to say "It's somewhere in the field of view.").  With
two detectors, one can use the time that the burst is seen in each detector
to narrow the location to a thin annulus on the sky.  With three detectors,
one gets intersecting annuli, giving two possible locations.  If one of these
locations is impossible (because, say, the Earth blocked that part of the 
sky), voila, you have an error box.

BATSE, by having 8 detectors of its own, can do its own location determination,
but only to within about 3 degrees (would someone at GSFC, like David, like
to comment on the current state of location determination?).  Having inde-
pendent sightings by other detectors helps drive down the uncertainty.

You did touch on something that you didn't mean to, though.  Some believe
(in a reference that I have somewhere) that absorption-like features seen
in a fraction of GRBs can actually be caused by the detector.  It would be
a mean, nasty God, though, that would have a NaI crystal act like a 10^12 Gauss
neutron star...but this is getting too far afield.
What would all of you out there in net land think of the big 6 (Martin
Mariatta, Boeing, Mcdonell Douglas, General Dynamics, Lockheed, Rockwell)
getting together, and forming a consortium to study exactly what the market
price pints are for building reusable launch vehicles, and spending say
$3million to do that.  Recognizing that most of the military requirements
for launch vehicles are pulled out of a hat somewhere (say, has the shuttle 
ever really used that 1200mi crossrange capability?  You get the idea, figure
out how many, how often, where to, etc...)

Then taking this data, and forming a sematech type company (bad example, I
know... but at least its an example...)  To develop between 3 and 5 craft
designs.  Then to take all of those designs, and figure out EXACTLY what
the technologies are, and demonstrate those technologies, in order to 
eliminate designs that can't be built today.  And lets say that this
portion again funded by the GOV cost about $20 million.

And from here all of these companies went their separate ways, with the
intention of taking all of the market data and the design data to wall
street, and saying "I want to build this vehicle, and here are the numbers
that show %20 ROI, fund me...)


Now many of you think that this is a joke, but I have it on good authority that
just this project is shaping up in the background. It seems that the aerospace
companies have learned that everyone yelling similar but different things
ends up in many programs that do nothing much and get canceled (NASP, NLS,
ALS, DCY?, etc...)  They need to work more in the japaneese, and european
spirit of initial cooperation.  They have also learned that design requirements
that are phony (I.E. some generals idea of what a space vehicle ought to be)
ends up getting chopped up in congress, because it is not a REAL requirement.

Any feedback?
OFM replies to a question on the multiplicity of translations of the bible,


Unfortunately, this isn't true.  On another news group earlier this year,
someone posted that the King James Bible was the divinely inspired version
of the Bible in English and was, therefore, inerrant; all other English
translations were from Satan, trying to deceive the body of Christ.  A
few years ago, the pastor of a church I was attending showed me a poster
advertising the availability of a certain man to address congregations.
Very prominantly on the poster was the fact that the man used only the KJV.
The idea that the KJV is THE English Bible is more prevalent than many
might think.

  -- Scott at Brandeis
I am beginning an e-mail discussion group about cell churches.  If you are
a follower of Jesus Christ and are

  - in a cell church, or
  - in a church that is transitioning to a cell church, or
  - just interested in learning more about cell churches,

send me e-mail.  (I reserve the right to remove anybody from the group who
does not demonstrate a spirit of humility and Christlikeness.)


Slight semantical difference.  The LDS Church does own a heck of
a lot however.  They are the largest land holder in MIssouri
(where they think Christ will appear at the second coming).


How do you know? Were you there?

While obviously Koresh was a nut case, the (typical) inability of the
government/media to get its story straight is quite disturbing. On
tuesday night, NBC news reported that the FBI did not know the place
was burning down until they saw black smoke billowing from the
building. The next day, FBI agents were insisting that they saw Davidians
setting the fire. The FBI was also adamantly denying that it was possible
their battery of the compound's wallks could have accidentally set the
blaze, while also saying they hadnt been able to do much investigating
of the site because it was still too hot. So how did they KNOW they
didnt accidentally set the fire.

Sounds like the FBI just burned the place to the ground to destroy
evidence to me.




The reason for the existence of hell is justice.  Fear is only an effect
of the reality of hell.

-- 
boundary, the catechist 

When I first saw this, I thought for a second that it was a headline from
The Star about the pliers found in the SRB recently.

Y'know, sometimes they have wire-cutters built in :-)

-Tommy Mac
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tom McWilliams 517-355-2178 wk   \\ As the radius of vision increases,
18084tm@ibm.cl.msu.edu 336-9591 hm \\ the circumference of mystery grows.

Yes, but... shouldn't size of newsgroup be an issue?  Sorry if this
has been covered before, but comp.grahpics.animation get how much 
traffic per day?  50 articles?  Maybe 70 on an extremely heavy day?
I've been following this group for about four months now, and I don't
recall ever seeing such a flood of posts that a split would be warranted.

Just my 2 cents,



  Many pagans are involved in environmentalism--this is only natural, since
respect for the earth is a fundamental tenet of all pagan denominations.  This
doesn't mean that environmentalism is wrong, any more than supporting peace in
the Middle East is wrong because Jews and Muslims also work for it.

  Nonetheless, paganism is certainly on the rise, and we as Christians should
address this and look at what draws people from paganism to Christianity.  Like
it or not, pagan religions are addressing needs that Christianity should be,
and isn't.  
  I believe that paganism has hit upon some major truths that Christianity has
forgotten.  This doesn't mean that paganism is right, but it does mean that we
have something to learn from the pagan movement.
  First, paganism respects the feminine.  Christianity has a long history of
oppressing women, and many (if not most) male Christians are still unable to
live in a non-sexist manner.  The idea that God is sexless, or that Christ 
could have been a women and still accomplished his mission, is met with a great
deal of resistance.  This insistance on a male-dominated theology (and the 
male-dominated society that goes with it) drives away many young women who have
had to put up with sexist attitudes in their churches.
  Second, paganism respects the physical world.  This is an idea with great
ramifications.  One of these is environmentalism--respect for our surroundings
and our world.  Another is integration of sexuality.  Christianity has a long
tradition of calling ALL sexual feeelings sinful and urging people to suppress
and deny their sexuality.  This is too much--sex is clearly a part of human
experience and attempting to remove it is simply not a feasible option.  
Christianity has only begun to develop a workable sexual ethic, and paganism
is an attractive option.
  I'm not advocating that Christian doctrines (no sex before marriage, etc.)
should be changed--just that Christians work toward a more moderate ethic of
sexuality.  Denial of sexuality places as much emphasis on sex as unmoderated
sexuality, and neither one does much to bring us closer to God.



It's not a bad question: I don't have any refs that list this algorithm
either. But thinking about it a bit, it shouldn't be too hard.

1) Take three of the points and find the plane they define as well as
the circle that they lie on (you say you have this algorithm already)

2) Find the center  of this circle. The line passing through this center
perpendicular to the plane of the three points passes through the center of
the sphere.

3) Repeat with the unused point and two of the original points. This
gives you two different lines that both pass through the sphere's
origin. Their interection is the center of the sphere.

4) the radius is easy to compute, it's just the distance from the center to
any of the original points.

I'll leave the math to you, but this is a workable algorithm. :-)


An alternate method would be to take pairs of points: the plane formed
by the perpendicular bisector of each line segment pair also contains the
center of the sphere. Three pairs will form three planes, intersecting
at a point. This might be easier to implement.

Yeah, and it's also true most long complicated sequences of events,
calculations, or big computer programs in general.  I don't argue
that you can get similar and maybe useful results from fractals, I
just question whether you >should<.

The fractal fiends seem to be saying that any part of a system that we
can't model should be replaced with a random number generator.  That
has been useful, for instance, in making data more palatable to human
perception or for torture testing the rest of the system, but I don't
think it has much to do with fractals, and I certainly would rather
that the model be improved in a more explicable manner.

I guess I just haven't seen all these earth-shaking fractal models
that explain and correlate to the universe as it actually exists.  I
really hope I do, but I'm not holding my self-similar breath.


Uh huh.  I'll believe it when I see it.  I've been chasing fractal
compression for a few years, and I still don't believe in it.  If it's so
great, how come we don't see it competing with JPEG?  'Cause it can't,
I'll wager.

Actually, I have wagered, I quit trying to make fractal compression
work- and I was trying- because I don't think it's a reasonable
alternative to other techniques.  It is neat, though. :-)

I'll reiterate my disbelief that everything is fractal.  That's why I
don't think fractal compression as it is widely explained is
practical.  I know Barnsley and Sloan have some tricks up their
sleeves that make their demos work, but I don't see anyone using it in a
real product.  It's been six years since Iterated Systems was formed,
right?

	"There are always going to be questions until there's a product
	out there," Sloan replies.  The company plans to ship its first
	encoding devices in the summer, he says.  In March, Iterated
	Systems will have the other half of the system: the decoders.

		- Scientific American, March 1990, page 77
Heres the life of St. MAria Goretti, posted with kind permission of
the editor of the Australian Catholic Magazine "Morning Star".

Hope you like it.

    Put up with anything to prevent sin St. Maria Goretti



    Maria was born on October 16th 1890 to Luigi and Assunta Goretti,
    the  eldest  daughter  in the family of seven. She was a cheerful
    girl, always imitating her parents.  She had but one disire,  but
    one wish: to receive our Lord in the Blessed Sacrament.

    The date was finally set for little Maria to receive our Lord  on
    the feast of Corpus Christi. For Maria, time seemed like an eter-
    nity as she  slowly  neared  the  great  day.   When  it  finally
    arrived, Fr. Jerome( the priest who was to celebrate the Mass and
    give the children their First Holy Communion) delivered a  sermon
    on	the  immense love of Jesus Christ for them and the great love
    we should have in return for Him. He then warmly  urged  them  to
    die rather than commit a mortal sin.

    Maria humbly approached the Altar of God and  received  the  Holy
    Eucharist.	Her  only  sadness  was  the  thought of her father's
    absence, who died some time beforehand. As for the	rest  of  the
    day,  Maria remained under the spell of the divine visit; that is
    until

				   -4-







    her thoughts changed to when she could go next to Holy Communion.
    Thus ended the happiest day of Maria's life.

    Over the next twelve months, Maria had changed  from  a  giggling
    little girl into a quiet young lady with responsibilities. As her
    mother went out into the fields in place of  her  husband,	Maria
    took  on the ironing, cooking, washing and other motherly duties.
    She was doing this not only for her own family, but also for  the
    Serenellis, a father and son who lived with the Goretti's, owning
    a share in the farm. Although Maria was poorer than all the other
    children, she by far surpassed them in virtue. In all thi ngs she
    did the Holy Will of God.

    During the month of June,  Alessandro  Serenelli(the  son)	twice
    made advances upon Maria when he chanced to be alone with her. On
    both occasions Maria managed to  struggle  free  of  Alessandro's
    strong  grip, but on the second, he threatened to kill her if she
    even uttered a word to her mother. From this day on, Maria	lived
    in terror, fearing lest Alessandro attack again.


    On July 5th 1902, Alessandro left work in the fields  to  "get  a
    handkerchief,"  as	he  claimed. He went to the storeroom beneath
    the house where Maria, who was outside on the  landing  with  the
    baby,  could  hear him fumbling about in with tools. She wondered
    what he was doing. It was later learned that he was sharpening  a
    91/2"  blade. He went to the house and called for Maria. She told
    him she wouldn't go to him unless she knew why she was needed. He
    stormed out to the landing and dragged her up to her room. Mar ia
    instantly realized what he was up to. "No, No, No! Do  not	touch
    me!  It  is a sin, you will go to Hell!" At this point Alessandro
    held the knife over Maria's chest, who was now on the floor.

    "Will you or will you not?" Maria gathered all her energy.	"No I
    will  not,	Alessandro,  no!"   She had chosen her martyrdom over
    sin, God over Satan.  Overcome with rage, Alessandro plunged  the
    knife  into   Maria's  breast fourteen times.  Finally he came to
    his senses and thought Maria was dead.  Frantically he threw  the
    knife behind a closet and locked himself in his room.  The crying
    of the baby Teresa	on  the  landing  brought  the	attention  to
    Assunta  and the father of Alessandro. As the baby was unattended
    and was in danger of falling off, they ran to the house  to  find
    Maria,  who,  covered in blood, was dragging herself to the door.
    When asked what happened she said Alessandro  stabbed  her.   "He
    wanted to make me do wrong and I would not."

    The ambulance arrived, then the police who took Alessandro	away.
    As	the  ambulance	carried  Maria to the hospital, a large crowd
    followed on foot.  The doctors at the  hospital held no hope  for
    poor  little Maria.  The same Fr. Jerome who gave Maria her First
    Communion

				   -5-







    came to administer the last rites and to give her Holy  Viaticum.
    He asked Maria if she would forgive her murderer.  "Yes.  For the
    love of Jesus I forgive him.  I wish for him to one day  join  me
    in	Paradise.   May  God forgive him, for I alread y have." Maria
    died at about three o'clock.

    Alessandro was tried  and  found  guilty  of  Maria's  death  but
    because  of  his  age  he  was  sentenced to only thirty years in
    prison.  After eight  years of being a violent prisoner and show-
    ing  no regret for his crime, he saw in a dream, in the  midst of
    a field of flowers, Maria holding out a bunch of white lilies  to
    him.  Soon later he wrote to the local bishop, begging God's par-
    don for the grave sin he had committed.  He later gave  testimony
    in	Maria's  beatification in 1947.  Less than three years later,
    on Ju ne 24th 1950, Maria was canonised.  Assunta Goretti was the
    first mother ever to be present at her daughter's canonisation.

    May St. Maria Goretti help	us  to	be  pure  and  grant  us  the
    strength to die rather than commit a mortal sin.

    Saint Maria Goretti, pray for us.


    by Brendan Arthur

Ken Arromdee writes



Yes, but tell me how you think your question answers my question. If
the BDs didn't know immediately that they were dealing with feds
(uniform apparel, insignia), they must have figured it out in pretty
short order. Why did they keep fighting? They seemed awfully ready
for having been attacked "without warning". 

I plan to post a summary of responses to this as soon as I have working
code, which I will also include.  The intersection of 3 planes method
looks best, but my implementation based on a short article in 
Graphics Gems I doesn't work.  I may be misinterpreting, of course.

I had avoided the simultaneous solution of the plane equations in favor
of dot and cross products, but the former may actually be better.  In either
case a matrix determinant needs to be computed (implicitly in the solution
of linear equations).

To get the planes, I was taking the midpoint of the line from, say,
P1 to P2, and setting the normal as the "normalized" vector from P1 to P2.
These just plugged into the formula in Graphics Gems.  HOwever, the resulting
center point is only occasionally equidistant from all 4 of my test points
(for different tests).  My matrix/vector math is very rusty, but it looks like
I need to verify the formula, or use the simultaneous equation solution, which
will require bringing in another routine I don't have (but should be easy to
find).

Another method is to first find the center of the circle defined by 2 sets
of 3 points, and intersecting the normals from there.  This would also define
the circle center.  However, small numerical imprecisions would make the
lines not intersect.  Supposedly 3 planes HAVE to intersect in a unique
point if they are not parallel.

Ed

Thanks to all who answered so far.
Biblical basis for the Immaculate Conception:

1) "I will put enmity between you [the Serpent] and the woman, and
between your seed and her seed, she [can also be read he] shall crush
your head and you shall bruise her [or his] heel."
    -Genesis 3.15

2) "He who commits sin is of the devil ..."
    -1 John 3.8

3) "Hail, full of grace [greek - kecharitomene], the Lord is with thee ..."
    -Luke 1.28

   From the above, we prove the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception.
   First, God has given the proto-evangel in Genesis 3.15, which is the
first promise of a savior, who will redeem mankind from the wiles of
Satan. "[Satan] was a murderer from the beginning, and has not stood in
the truth because there is no truth in him." John 8.44.  Now the
proto-evangel promises several things, enmity between Satan and "the
woman", and enmity between Satan and "her seed."  Now the woman is both
Eve (who is the immediate point of reference) and Mary, the second Eve. 
"Her seed" is Jesus Christ, and He is also at enmity with Satan in the
same way as Mary is said to be at enmity with Satan.  Thus, knowing as
we do that Jesus Christ is sinless (Hebrews 7.26), we can conclude that
Mary is also sinless because if she wasn't she would 1) not be at enmity
with the devil, as 1 John 3.8 tells us, and 2) the relation of her
sinlessness to Christ's sinlessness would be called into question, as
would God's veracity.  For God promised an enmity between Mary and the
serpent, and it is not possible for God to lie or be decieved.
    Second, we have the Angelic Greeting where Mary is called by the
Archangle Gabriel "full of grace."  As I pointed out above this is from
the Greek word "Kecharitomene" which means not just full of grace, but a
plenitude or perfection of grace.  The sense of it is best grasped by
the footnote to the Jerusalem Bible, "Hail you who have been and reamin
filled with grace."  But that is a little to long to say, so it is
reduced to full of grace.  And as it says, "you who have been" Mary had
always been filled with grace, from the moment of her conception, which
was also the moment of her salvation, until her death some years later.
    It must be admitted that it is possible that God could have done
what the doctrine of the Immaclute Conception says He did do.  And if
God could keep himself free from any contact with sin, through his
Mother, He would have, and the Bible records this fact, to which the
Fathers of the Church such as St. John Damascus, St. Augustine of Hippo
, St. Ambrose and others are in complete agreement with, as is all of
Christian tradition, and as is the infallible declaration of the Pope on
the matter in "Ineffibilus Deus."

OK, I don't use CView anymore, but I saw that no one had explaind this
"bug" in the thread, so here goes:

It is NOT the fault of CView.  It is DOS!  If you leave a file open on a
floppy drive, then change the disk and do something which updates or closes
that file, you have a good chance of getting part of the directory and FAT
from the other disk written to the new disk.  This has always been true,
and has destroyed data under other programs, not just CView.

The only thing CView can do to improve the situation is to try not to leave
files open unless it's actively using them (ie, reading and decoding).

I'd like to share my thoughts on this topic of "arrogance of
Christians" and look forward to any responses.  In my
encounters with Christians, I find myself dismayed by their
belief that their faith is total truth.  According to them,
their beliefs come from the Bible and the bible is the word of
God and God is truth - thus they know the truth.  This stance
makes it difficult to discuss other faiths with them and my own
hesitations about Christianity because they see no other way.
Their way is the 'truth.'

But I see their faith arising from a willful choice to believe
a particular way.  That choice is part faith and part reason,
but it seems to me a choice.

My discussions with some Christians remind me of schoolyard
discussions when I was in grade school:

A kid would say, "All policemen are jerks!"  I'd ask, "How do
you know?"  "Because my daddy told me so!"  "How do you know
you're daddy is right?"  "He says he's always right!"

Well the argument usually stops right there.  In the end,
aren't we all just kids, groping for the truth?  If so, do we have
the authority to declare all other beliefs besides our own as
false?

-------------

This is only my third time browsing through this newsgroup.  I
apologize if I'm covering tired old ground.  Some of the
discussions on this topic have piqued my interest and I welcome
any comments.

-- 

[I'm sort of mystified about how a Christian might respond to this.  I
can understand criticisms of Christianity that say there's not enough
evidence to believe it, or that there's just as good evidence for
other religions.  I don't agree, but clearly there are plenty of
intelligent people who don't find the evidence convincing.  But that
doesn't seem to be your point.  Rather, you seem upset that people who
believe Christianity is true also believe that things which contradict
it are false.

This suggests a model of spiritual things that's rather different than
the Christian one.  It sounds more like an existentialist view, where
people choose what value to follow, but there's no actual independent
spiritual reality, and so no way to say that a specific choice is in
some unique sense right.  This sort of model -- with modifications of
one sort or another -- may be appropriate for some religions.  But
Christianity is in its essense a "historical" religion.  That is, it's
based on the concept that there are actual spiritual entities out
there, that one of them has intervened in history in specific ways,
and that we see evidence of that in history.  In the "mundane" world,
we are not free to choose how things work.  When we drop something, it
falls (aside from well-defined situations where it doesn't).  The
Christian concept is that spiritual matters, there is also an actual
external reality.  I hope we're all honest enough not to claim that we
have perfect understanding.  But while we may not think we know
everything, we are confident that we know some things.  And that
implies that we think things that contradict them are false.  I don't
see how else we could proceed.

This needn't result in arrogance.  I'm certainly interested in talking
with people of other religions.  They may have things to teach me, and
even if they don't, I respect them as fellow human beings.  But it's
got to be possible to respect people and also think that on some
matters they are wrong.  Maybe even disasterously wrong.

The problem is, you can't raise adequate amounts of money that way.
The Viking Fund tried.  They did succeed, in a way, but only because
of the political impact of their fundraising.  The actual amount of
money they raised was fairly inconsequential; it would not have kept
the Viking lander going by itself.

/(hudson)
/If someone inflicts pain on themselves, whether they enjoy it or not, they
/are hurting themselves.  They may be permanently damaging their body.

That is true.  It is also none of your business.  

Some people may also reason that by reading the bible and being a Xtian
you are permanently damaging your brain.  By your logic, it would be OK
for them to come into your home, take away your bible, and send you off
to "re-education camps" to save your mind from ruin.  Are you ready for
that?  





/(hudson)
/And why is there nothing wrong with it?  Because you say so?  Who gave you
/the authority to say that, and set the standard for morality?

Why?

Because: 
I am a living, thinking person able to make choices for myself.
I do not "need" you to show me what you think is the way; I have observed
too many errors in your thinking already to trust you to make up the
rules for me.

Because:
I set the standard for my *own* morality, and I permit you to do 
the same for yourself.  I also do not try to force you to accept my rules.

Because:
Simply because you don't like what other people are doing doesn't give you
the right to stop it, Hudson.  We are all aware that you would like for 
everyone to be like you.  However, it is obnoxious, arrogant thinking like 
yours, the "I-know-I'm-morally-right-so-I-can-force-it-on-you" bullshit 
that has brought us religious wars, pogroms against Jews, gay-bashing,
and other atrocities by other people who, like you, "knew" they were
morally right.





(me)

/(hudson)
/Aren't you?  Aren't you indicating that I should not tell other people what
to do?  Aren't you telling me it is wrong for me to do that? 

It is not a moral standard that I am presenting you with, Hudson.  It is
a key to getting along in life with other people.  It is also a point of
respect:  I trust other people to be intelligent enough to make their
own choices, and I expect the same to be returned.  You, on the other
hand, do not trust them, and want to make the choice for them--whether
they like it or not.

It is also a way to avoid an inconsistency:  if you believe that you have 
the right to set moral standards for others and interfere in their lives, 
then you must, by logic, admit that other people have the same right of 
interference in your life.  
(Yes, I know; you will say that your religion is correct and tells you that
only agents acting in behalf of your religion have the right of interference.
However, other people will say that you have misinterpreted the Word of
God and that *they* are the actual true believers, and that you are
acting on your own authority.  And so it goes).





(hudson)
/Who gave
/you the authority to set such a moral standard for me to tell me that I 
/cannot set a moral standard for others?


You can set all the standards that you want, actually.  But don't be surprised
if people don't follow you like rats after the Pied Piper.  

At the most basic form, I am not going to LET you tell me what to do;
and if necessary, I will beat you to a bloody pulp before I let you actually
interfere in my life.

Very well put.  And, in the case of someone who calls himself a Christian
brother yet continues in his sin (and claims that his sin is not a sin at 
all, but perfectly acceptable), what should be done?  Should Christians 
just ignore a sinful lifestyle in order to not offend the person?  By 
reaffirming that the lifestyle is sinful according to the Bible, are 
they using "a bullwhip to drive people from Jesus"? 

Frankly, I find the occurance of a homosexual Christian attempting to 
pass himself off as a 'straight' Christian in order to have other 
Christians accept his chastisement better a *lot* more serious than 
people reaffirming that the Bible teaches homosexuality is a sin.  

Jim, please, that's a lame explanation of the trinity that Jesus provides
above. Baptizing people in the name of three things != trinity. If
this is the case, then I'm wrong, I assumed that trinity implies that
God is three entities, and yet the same.

Cheers,
Kent
Archive-name: space/groups
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:08 $

SPACE ACTIVIST/INTEREST/RESEARCH GROUPS AND SPACE PUBLICATIONS

    GROUPS

    AIA -- Aerospace Industry Association. Professional group, with primary
	membership of major aerospace firms. Headquartered in the DC area.
	Acts as the "voice of the aerospace industry" -- and it's opinions
	are usually backed up by reams of analyses and the reputations of
	the firms in AIA.

	    [address needed]

    AIAA -- American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
	Professional association, with somewhere about 30,000-40,000
	members. 65 local chapters around the country -- largest chapters
	are DC area (3000 members), LA (2100 members), San Francisco (2000
	members), Seattle/NW (1500), Houston (1200) and Orange County
	(1200), plus student chapters. Not a union, but acts to represent
	aviation and space professionals (engineers, managers, financial
	types) nationwide. Holds over 30 conferences a year on space and
	aviation topics publishes technical Journals (Aerospace Journal,
	Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, etc.), technical reference books
	and is _THE_ source on current aerospace state of the art through
	their published papers and proceedings. Also offers continuing
	education classes on aerospace design. Has over 60 technical
	committees, and over 30 committees for industry standards. AIAA acts
	as a professional society -- offers a centralized resume/jobs
	function, provides classes on job search, offers low-cost health and
	life insurance, and lobbies for appropriate legislation (AIAA was
	one of the major organizations pushing for IRAs - Individual
	Retirement Accounts). Very active public policy arm -- works
	directly with the media, congress and government agencies as a
	legislative liaison and clearinghouse for inquiries about aerospace
	technology technical issues. Reasonably non-partisan, in that they
	represent the industry as a whole, and not a single company,
	organization, or viewpoint.

	Membership $70/yr (student memberships are less).

	American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
	The Aerospace Center
	370 L'Enfant Promenade, SW
	Washington, DC 20077-0820
	(202)-646-7400

    AMSAT - develops small satellites (since the 1960s) for a variety of
	uses by amateur radio enthusiasts. Has various publications,
	supplies QuickTrak satellite tracking software for PC/Mac/Amiga etc.

	Amateur Satellite Corporation (AMSAT)
	P.O. Box 27
	Washington, DC 20044
	(301)-589-6062

    ASERA - Australian Space Engineering and Research Association. An
	Australian non-profit organisation to coordinate, promote, and
	conduct space R&D projects in Australia, involving both Australian
	and international (primarily university) collaborators. Activities
	include the development of sounding rockets, small satellites
	(especially microsatellites), high-altitude research balloons, and
	appropriate payloads. Provides student projects at all levels, and
	is open to any person or organisation interested in participating.
	Publishes a monthly newsletter and a quarterly technical journal.

	Membership $A100 (dual subscription)
	Subscriptions $A25 (newsletter only) $A50 (journal only)

	ASERA Ltd
	PO Box 184
	Ryde, NSW, Australia, 2112
	email: lindley@syd.dit.csiro.au

    BIS - British Interplanetary Society. Probably the oldest pro-space
	group, BIS publishes two excellent journals: _Spaceflight_, covering
	current space activities, and the _Journal of the BIS_, containing
	technical papers on space activities from near-term space probes to
	interstellar missions. BIS has published a design study for an
	interstellar probe called _Daedalus_.

	British Interplanetary Society
	27/29 South Lambeth Road
	London SW8 1SZ
	ENGLAND

	No dues information available at present.

    ISU - International Space University. ISU is a non-profit international
	graduate-level educational institution dedicated to promoting the
	peaceful exploration and development of space through multi-cultural
	and multi-disciplinary space education and research. For further
	information on ISU's summer session program or Permanent Campus
	activities please send messages to 'information@isu.isunet.edu' or
	contact the ISU Executive Offices at:

	International Space University
	955 Massachusetts Avenue 7th Floor
	Cambridge, MA 02139
	(617)-354-1987 (phone)
	(617)-354-7666 (fax)

    L-5 Society (defunct). Founded by Keith and Carolyn Henson in 1975 to
	advocate space colonization. Its major success was in preventing US
	participation in the UN "Moon Treaty" in the late 1970s. Merged with
	the National Space Institute in 1987, forming the National Space
	Society.

    NSC - National Space Club. Open for general membership, but not well
	known at all. Primarily comprised of professionals in aerospace
	industry. Acts as information conduit and social gathering group.
	Active in DC, with a chapter in LA. Monthly meetings with invited
	speakers who are "heavy hitters" in the field. Annual "Outlook on
	Space" conference is _the_ definitive source of data on government
	annual planning for space programs. Cheap membership (approx
	$20/yr).

	    [address needed]

    NSS - the National Space Society. NSS is a pro-space group distinguished
	by its network of local chapters. Supports a general agenda of space
	development and man-in-space, including the NASA space station.
	Publishes _Ad Astra_, a monthly glossy magazine, and runs Shuttle
	launch tours and Space Hotline telephone services. A major sponsor
	of the annual space development conference. Associated with
	Spacecause and Spacepac, political lobbying organizations.

	Membership $18 (youth/senior) $35 (regular).

	National Space Society
	Membership Department
	922 Pennsylvania Avenue, S.E.
	Washington, DC 20003-2140
	(202)-543-1900

    Planetary Society - founded by Carl Sagan. The largest space advocacy
	group. Publishes _Planetary Report_, a monthly glossy, and has
	supported SETI hardware development financially. Agenda is primarily
	support of space science, recently amended to include an
	international manned mission to Mars.

	The Planetary Society
	65 North Catalina Avenue
	Pasadena, CA 91106

	Membership $35/year.

    SSI - the Space Studies Institute, founded by Dr. Gerard O'Neill.
	Physicist Freeman Dyson took over the Presidency of SSI after
	O'Neill's death in 1992. Publishes _SSI Update_, a bimonthly
	newsletter describing work-in-progress. Conducts a research program
	including mass-drivers, lunar mining processes and simulants,
	composites from lunar materials, solar power satellites. Runs the
	biennial Princeton Conference on Space Manufacturing.

	Membership $25/year. Senior Associates ($100/year and up) fund most
	    SSI research.

	Space Studies Institute
	258 Rosedale Road
	PO Box 82
	Princeton, NJ 08540

    SEDS - Students for the Exploration and Development of Space. Founded in
	1980 at MIT and Princeton. SEDS is a chapter-based pro-space
	organization at high schools and universities around the world.
	Entirely student run. Each chapter is independent and coordinates
	its own local activities. Nationally, SEDS runs a scholarship
	competition, design contests, and holds an annual international
	conference and meeting in late summer.

	Students for the Exploration and Development of Space
	MIT Room W20-445
	77 Massachusetts Avenue
	Cambridge, MA  02139
	(617)-253-8897
	email: odyssey@athena.mit.edu

	Dues determined by local chapter.

    SPACECAUSE -  A political lobbying organization and part of the NSS
	Family of Organizations. Publishes a bi-monthly newsletter,
	Spacecause News. Annual dues is $25. Members also receive a discount
	on _The Space Activist's Handbook_. Activities to support pro-space
	legislation include meeting with political leaders and interacting
	with legislative staff. Spacecause primarily operates in the
	legislative process.

	National Office			West Coast Office
	Spacecause			Spacecause
	922 Pennsylvania Ave. SE	3435 Ocean Park Blvd.
	Washington, D.C. 20003		Suite 201-S
	(202)-543-1900			Santa Monica, CA 90405

    SPACEPAC - A political action committee and part of the NSS Family of
	Organizations. Spacepac researches issues, policies, and candidates.
	Each year, updates _The Space Activist's Handbook_. Current Handbook
	price is $25. While Spacepac does not have a membership, it does
	have regional contacts to coordinate local activity. Spacepac
	primarily operates in the election process, contributing money and
	volunteers to pro-space candidates.

	Spacepac
	922 Pennsylvania Ave. SE
	Washington, DC 20003
	(202)-543-1900

    UNITED STATES SPACE FOUNDATION - a public, non-profit organization
	supported by member donations and dedicated to promoting
	international education, understanding and support of space. The
	group hosts an annual conference for teachers and others interested
	in education. Other projects include developing lesson plans that
	use space to teach other basic skills such as reading. Publishes
	"Spacewatch," a monthly B&W glossy magazine of USSF events and
	general space news. Annual dues:

		Charter		$50 ($100 first year)
		Individual	$35
		Teacher		$29
		College student $20
		HS/Jr. High	$10
		Elementary	 $5
		Founder &     $1000+
		    Life Member

	United States Space Foundation
	PO Box 1838
	Colorado Springs, CO 80901
	(719)-550-1000

    WORLD SPACE FOUNDATION - has been designing and building a solar-sail
    spacecraft for longer than any similar group; many JPL employees lend
    their talents to this project. WSF also provides partial funding for the
    Palomar Sky Survey, an extremely successful search for near-Earth
    asteroids. Publishes *Foundation News* and *Foundation Astronautics
    Notebook*, each a quarterly 4-8 page newsletter. Contributing Associate,
    minimum of $15/year (but more money always welcome to support projects).

	World Space Foundation
	Post Office Box Y
	South Pasadena, California 91301


    PUBLICATIONS

    Aerospace Daily (McGraw-Hill)
	Very good coverage of aerospace and space issues. Approx. $1400/yr.

    Air & Space / Smithsonian (bimonthly magazine)
	Box 53261
	Boulder, CO 80332-3261
	$18/year US, $24/year international

    ESA - The European Space Agency publishes a variety of periodicals,
	generally available free of charge. A document describing them in
	more detail is in the Ames SPACE archive in
	pub/SPACE/FAQ/ESAPublications.

    Final Frontier (mass-market bimonthly magazine) - history, book reviews,
	general-interest articles (e.g. "The 7 Wonders of the Solar System",
	"Everything you always wanted to know about military space
	programs", etc.)

	Final Frontier Publishing Co.
	PO Box 534
	Mt. Morris, IL 61054-7852
	$14.95/year US, $19.95 Canada, $23.95 elsewhere

    Space News (weekly magazine) - covers US civil and military space
	programs. Said to have good political and business but spotty
	technical coverage.

	Space News
	Springfield VA 22159-0500
	(703)-642-7330
	$75/year, may have discounts for NSS/SSI members

    Journal of the Astronautical Sciences and Space Times - publications of
	the American Astronautical Society. No details.

	AAS Business Office
	6352 Rolling Mill Place, Suite #102
	Springfield, VA 22152
	(703)-866-0020

    GPS World (semi-monthly) - reports on current and new uses of GPS, news
	and analysis of the system and policies affecting it, and technical
	and product issues shaping GPS applications.

	GPS World
	859 Willamette St.
	P.O. Box 10460
	Eugene, OR 97440-2460
	(503)-343-1200

	Free to qualified individuals; write for free sample copy.

    Innovation (Space Technology) -- Free. Published by the NASA Office of
	Advanced Concepts and Technology. A revised version of the NASA
	Office of Commercial Programs newsletter.

    Planetary Encounter - in-depth technical coverage of planetary missions,
	with diagrams, lists of experiments, interviews with people directly
	involved.
    World Spaceflight News - in-depth technical coverage of near-Earth
	spaceflight. Mostly covers the shuttle: payload manifests, activity
	schedules, and post-mission assessment reports for every mission.

	Box 98
	Sewell, NJ 08080
	$30/year US/Canada
	$45/year elsewhere

    Space (bi-monthly magazine)
	British aerospace trade journal. Very good. $75/year.

    Space Calendar (weekly newsletter)

    Space Daily/Space Fax Daily  (newsletter)
	Short (1 paragraph) news notes. Available online for a fee
	(unknown).

    Space Technology Investor/Commercial Space News -- irregular Internet
	column on aspects of commercial space business. Free. Also limited
	fax and paper edition.

	    P.O. Box 2452
	    Seal Beach, CA 90740-1452.

    All the following are published by:

	Phillips Business Information, Inc.
	7811 Montrose Road
	Potomac, MC 20854

	Aerospace Financial News - $595/year.
	Defense Daily - Very good coverage of space and defense issues.
	    $1395/year.
	Space Business News (bi-weekly) - Very good overview of space
	    business activities. $497/year.
	Space Exploration Technology (bi-weekly) - $495/year.
	Space Station News (bi-weekly) - $497/year.

    UNDOCUMENTED GROUPS

	Anyone who would care to write up descriptions of the following
	groups (or others not mentioned) for inclusion in the answer is
	encouraged to do so.

	AAS - American Astronautical Society
	Other groups not mentioned above

A book that I can somewhat recommend is :
                     
                     Pratical Image Processing in C
                     by Craig A. Lindley
                     published by Wiley
I have been following this thread on talk.religion,
soc.religion.christian.bible-study and here with interest.  I am amazed at
the different non-biblical argument those who oppose the Sabbath present. 

One question comes to mind, especially since my last one was not answered
from Scripture.  Maybe clh may wish to provide the first response.

There is a lot of talk about the Sabbath of the TC being ceremonial. 
Answer this:

Since the TC commandments is one law with ten parts on what biblical
basis have you decided that only the Sabbath portion is ceremonial?
OR You say that the seventh-day is the Sabbath but not applicable to
Gentile Christians.  Does that mean the Sabbath commandment has been
annulled?  References please.

If God did not intend His requirements on the Jews to be applicable to
Gentile Christians why did He make it plain that the Gentiles were now
grafted into the commonwealth of Israel?

Darius
Archive-name: space/acronyms
Edition: 8

Acronym List for sci.astro, sci.space, and sci.space.shuttle:
Edition 8, 1992 Dec 7
Last posted: 1992 Aug 27

This list is offered as a reference for translating commonly appearing
acronyms in the space-related newsgroups.  If I forgot or botched your
favorite acronym, please let me know!  Also, if there's an acronym *not*
on this list that confuses you, drop me a line, and if I can figure
it out, I'll add it to the list.

Note that this is intended to be a reference for *frequently seen*
acronyms, and is most emphatically *not* encyclopedic.  If I incorporated
every acronym I ever saw, I'd soon run out of disk space!  :-)

The list will be posted at regular intervals, every 30 days.  All
comments regarding it are welcome; I'm reachable as bradfrd2@ncar.ucar.edu.

Note that this just tells what the acronyms stand for -- you're on your
own for figuring out what they *mean*!  Note also that the total number of
acronyms in use far exceeds what I can list; special-purpose acronyms that
are essentially always explained as they're introduced are omitted.
Further, some acronyms stand for more than one thing; as of Edition 3 of
the list, these acronyms appear on multiple lines, unless they're simply
different ways of referring to the same thing.

Thanks to everybody who's sent suggestions since the first version of
the list, and especially to Garrett A. Wollman (wollman@griffin.uvm.edu),
who is maintaining an independent list, somewhat more verbose in
character than mine, and to Daniel Fischer (dfi@specklec.mpifr-bonn.mpg.de),
who is maintaining a truly HUGE list (535 at last count) of acronyms and
terms, mostly in German (which I read, fortunately).

Special thanks this time to Ken Hollis at NASA, who sent me a copy of NASA
Reference Publication 1059 Revised: _Space Transportation System and
Associated Payloads: Glossary, Acronyms, and Abbreviations_, a truly
mammoth tome -- almost 300 pages of TLAs.

Special Bonus!  At the end of this posting, you will find a perl program
written by none other than Larry Wall, whose purpose is to scramble the
acronym list in an entertaining fashion.  Thanks, Larry!

A&A: Astronomy and Astrophysics
AAO: Anglo-Australian Observatory
AAS: American Astronomical Society
AAS: American Astronautical Society
AAVSO: American Association of Variable Star Observers
ACE: Advanced Composition Explorer
ACRV: Assured Crew Return Vehicle (or) Astronaut Crew Rescue Vehicle
ADFRF: Ames-Dryden Flight Research Facility (was DFRF) (NASA)
AGN: Active Galactic Nucleus
AGU: American Geophysical Union
AIAA: American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
AIPS: Astronomical Image Processing System
AJ: Astronomical Journal
ALEXIS: Array of Low Energy X-ray Imaging Sensors
ALPO: Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers
ALS: Advanced Launch System
ANSI: American National Standards Institute
AOA: Abort Once Around (Shuttle abort plan)
AOCS: Attitude and Orbit Control System
Ap.J: Astrophysical Journal
APM: Attached Pressurized Module (a.k.a. Columbus)
APU: Auxiliary Power Unit
ARC: Ames Research Center (NASA)
ARTEMIS: Advanced Relay TEchnology MISsion
ASA: Astronomical Society of the Atlantic
ASI: Agenzia Spaziale Italiano
ASRM: Advanced Solid Rocket Motor
ATDRS: Advanced Tracking and Data Relay Satellite
ATLAS: Atmospheric Laboratory for Applications and Science
ATM: Amateur Telescope Maker
ATO: Abort To Orbit (Shuttle abort plan)
AU: Astronomical Unit
AURA: Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy
AW&ST: Aviation Week and Space Technology (a.k.a. AvLeak)
AXAF: Advanced X-ray Astrophysics Facility
BATSE: Burst And Transient Source Experiment (on CGRO)
BBXRT: Broad-Band X-Ray Telescope (ASTRO package)
BEM: Bug-Eyed Monster
BH: Black Hole
BIMA: Berkeley Illinois Maryland Array
BNSC: British National Space Centre
BTW: By The Way
C&T: Communications & Tracking
CCAFS: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
CCD: Charge-Coupled Device
CCDS: Centers for the Commercial Development of Space
CD-ROM: Compact Disk Read-Only Memory
CFA: Center For Astrophysics
CFC: ChloroFluoroCarbon
CFF: Columbus Free Flyer
CFHT: Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope
CGRO: (Arthur Holley) Compton Gamma Ray Observatory (was GRO)
CHARA: Center for High Angular Resolution Astronomy
CIRRIS: Cryogenic InfraRed Radiance Instrument for Shuttle
CIT: Circumstellar Imaging Telescope
CM: Command Module (Apollo spacecraft)
CMCC: Central Mission Control Centre (ESA)
CNES: Centre National d'Etude Spatiales
CNO: Carbon-Nitrogen-Oxygen
CNSR: Comet Nucleus Sample Return
COBE: COsmic Background Explorer
COMPTEL: COMPton TELescope (on CGRO)
COSTAR: Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement
CRAF: Comet Rendezvous / Asteroid Flyby
CRRES: Combined Release / Radiation Effects Satellite
CSM: Command and Service Module (Apollo spacecraft)
CSTC: Consolidated Satellite Test Center (USAF)
CTIO: Cerro Tololo Interamerican Observatory
DCX: Delta Clipper eXperimental
DDCU: DC-to-DC Converter Unit
DFRF: Dryden Flight Research Facility (now ADFRF)
DMSP: Defense Meteorological Satellite Program
DOD: Department Of Defense (sometimes DoD)
DOE: Department Of Energy
DOT: Department Of Transportation
DSCS: Defense Satellite Communications System
DSN: Deep Space Network
DSP: Defense Support Program (USAF/NRO)
EAFB: Edwards Air Force Base
ECS: Environmental Control System
EDO: Extended Duration Orbiter
EGRET: Energetic Gamma Ray Experiment Telescope (on CGRO)
EJASA: Electronic Journal of the Astronomical Society of the Atlantic
ELV: Expendable Launch Vehicle
EMU: Extravehicular Mobility Unit
EOS: Earth Observing System
ERS: Earth Resources Satellite (as in ERS-1)
ESA: European Space Agency
ESO: European Southern Observatory
ET: (Shuttle) External Tank
ETLA: Extended Three Letter Acronym
ETR: Eastern Test Range
EUV: Extreme UltraViolet
EUVE: Extreme UltraViolet Explorer
EVA: ExtraVehicular Activity
FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions
FAST: Fast Auroral SnapshoT explorer
FFT: Fast Fourier Transform
FGS: Fine Guidance Sensors (on HST)
FHST: Fixed Head Star Trackers (on HST)
FIR: Far InfraRed
FITS: Flexible Image Transport System
FOC: Faint Object Camera (on HST)
FOS: Faint Object Spectrograph (on HST)
FRR: Flight-Readiness Review
FTP: File Transfer Protocol
FTS: Flight Telerobotic Servicer
FUSE: Far Ultraviolet Spectroscopic Explorer
FWHM: Full Width at Half Maximum
FYI: For Your Information
GAS: Get-Away Special
GBT: Green Bank Telescope
GCVS: General Catalog of Variable Stars
GEM: Giotto Extended Mission
GEO: Geosynchronous Earth Orbit
GDS: Great Dark Spot
GHRS: Goddard High Resolution Spectrograph (on HST)
GIF: Graphics Interchange Format
GLOMR: Global Low-Orbiting Message Relay
GMC: Giant Molecular Cloud
GMRT: Giant Meter-wave Radio Telescope
GMT: Greenwich Mean Time (also called UT)
GOES: Geostationary Orbiting Environmental Satellite
GOX: Gaseous OXygen
GPC: General Purpose Computer
GPS: Global Positioning System
GRO: Gamma Ray Observatory (now CGRO)
GRS: Gamma Ray Spectrometer (on Mars Observer)
GRS: Great Red Spot
GSC: Guide Star Catalog (for HST)
GSFC: Goddard Space Flight Center (NASA)
GTO: Geostationary Transfer Orbit
HAO: High Altitude Observatory
HD: Henry Draper catalog entry
HEAO: High Energy Astronomical Observatory
HeRA: Hermes Robotic Arm
HF: High Frequency
HGA: High Gain Antenna
HLC: Heavy Lift Capability
HLV: Heavy Lift Vehicle
HMC: Halley Multicolor Camera (on Giotto)
HR: Hertzsprung-Russell (diagram)
HRI: High Resolution Imager (on ROSAT)
HSP: High Speed Photometer (on HST)
HST: Hubble Space Telescope
HUT: Hopkins Ultraviolet Telescope (ASTRO package)
HV: High Voltage
IAPPP: International Amateur/Professional Photoelectric Photometry
IAU: International Astronomical Union
IAUC: IAU Circular
ICE: International Cometary Explorer
IDA: International Dark-sky Association
IDL: Interactive Data Language
IGM: InterGalactic Medium
IGY: International Geophysical Year
IMHO: In My Humble Opinion
IOTA: Infrared-Optical Telescope Array
IOTA: International Occultation Timing Association
IPS: Inertial Pointing System
IR: InfraRed
IRAF: Image Reduction and Analysis Facility
IRAS: InfraRed Astronomical Satellite
ISAS: Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (Japan)
ISM: InterStellar Medium
ISO: Infrared Space Observatory
ISO: International Standards Organization
ISPM: International Solar Polar Mission (now Ulysses)
ISY: International Space Year
IUE: International Ultraviolet Explorer
IUS: Inertial Upper Stage
JEM: Japanese Experiment Module (for SSF)
JGR: Journal of Geophysical Research
JILA: Joint Institute for Laboratory Astrophysics
JPL: Jet Propulsion Laboratory
JSC: Johnson Space Center (NASA)
KAO: Kuiper Airborne Observatory
KPNO: Kitt Peak National Observatory
KSC: Kennedy Space Center (NASA)
KTB: Cretaceous-Tertiary Boundary (from German)
LANL: Los Alamos National Laboratory
LaRC: Langley Research Center (NASA)
LDEF: Long Duration Exposure Facility
LEM: Lunar Excursion Module (a.k.a. LM) (Apollo spacecraft)
LEO: Low Earth Orbit
LeRC: Lewis Research Center (NASA)
LEST: Large Earth-based Solar Telescope
LFSA: List of Frequently Seen Acronyms (!)
LGA: Low Gain Antenna
LGM: Little Green Men
LH: Liquid Hydrogen (also LH2 or LHX)
LLNL: Lawrence-Livermore National Laboratory
LM: Lunar Module (a.k.a. LEM) (Apollo spacecraft)
LMC: Large Magellanic Cloud
LN2: Liquid N2 (Nitrogen)
LOX: Liquid OXygen
LRB: Liquid Rocket Booster
LSR: Local Standard of Rest
LTP: Lunar Transient Phenomenon
MB: Manned Base
MCC: Mission Control Center
MECO: Main Engine CutOff
MMH: MonoMethyl Hydrazine
MMT: Multiple Mirror Telescope
MMU: Manned Maneuvering Unit
MNRAS: Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society
MOC: Mars Observer Camera (on Mars Observer)
MOL: Manned Orbiting Laboratory
MOLA: Mars Observer Laser Altimeter (on Mars Observer)
MOMV: Manned Orbital Maneuvering Vehicle
MOTV: Manned Orbital Transfer Vehicle
MPC: Minor Planets Circular
MRSR: Mars Rover and Sample Return
MRSRM: Mars Rover and Sample Return Mission
MSFC: (George C.) Marshall Space Flight Center (NASA)
MTC: Man Tended Capability
NACA: National Advisory Committee on Aeronautics (became NASA)
NASA: National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASDA: NAtional Space Development Agency (Japan)
NASM: National Air and Space Museum
NASP: National AeroSpace Plane
NBS: National Bureau of Standards (now NIST)
NDV: NASP Derived Vehicle
NERVA: Nuclear Engine for Rocket Vehicle Application
NGC: New General Catalog
NICMOS: Near Infrared Camera / Multi Object Spectrometer (HST upgrade)
NIMS: Near-Infrared Mapping Spectrometer (on Galileo)
NIR: Near InfraRed
NIST: National Institute for Standards and Technology (was NBS)
NLDP: National Launch Development Program
NOAA: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
NOAO: National Optical Astronomy Observatories
NRAO: National Radio Astronomy Observatory
NRO: National Reconnaissance Office
NS: Neutron Star
NSA: National Security Agency
NSF: National Science Foundation
NSO: National Solar Observatory
NSSDC: National Space Science Data Center
NTR: Nuclear Thermal Rocket(ry)
NTT: New Technology Telescope
OAO: Orbiting Astronomical Observatory
OCST: Office of Commercial Space Transportation
OMB: Office of Management and Budget
OMS: Orbital Maneuvering System
OPF: Orbiter Processing Facility
ORFEUS: Orbiting and Retrievable Far and Extreme Ultraviolet Spectrometer
OSC: Orbital Sciences Corporation
OSCAR: Orbiting Satellite Carrying Amateur Radio
OSSA: Office of Space Science and Applications
OSSE: Oriented Scintillation Spectrometer Experiment (on CGRO)
OTA: Optical Telescope Assembly (on HST)
OTHB: Over The Horizon Backscatter
OTV: Orbital Transfer Vehicle
OV: Orbital Vehicle
PAM: Payload Assist Module
PAM-D: Payload Assist Module, Delta-class
PI: Principal Investigator
PLSS: Portable Life Support System
PM: Pressurized Module
PMC: Permanently Manned Capability
PMIRR: Pressure Modulated InfraRed Radiometer (on Mars Observer)
PMT: PhotoMultiplier Tube
PSF: Point Spread Function
PSR: PulSaR
PV: Photovoltaic
PVO: Pioneer Venus Orbiter
QSO: Quasi-Stellar Object
RCI: Rodent Cage Interface (for SLS mission)
RCS: Reaction Control System
REM: Rat Enclosure Module (for SLS mission)
RF: Radio Frequency
RFI: Radio Frequency Interference
RIACS: Research Institute for Advanced Computer Science
RMS: Remote Manipulator System
RNGC: Revised New General Catalog
ROSAT: ROentgen SATellite
ROUS: Rodents Of Unusual Size (I don't believe they exist)
RSN: Real Soon Now
RTG: Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generator
RTLS: Return To Launch Site (Shuttle abort plan)
SAA: South Atlantic Anomaly
SAGA: Solar Array Gain Augmentation (for HST)
SAMPEX: Solar Anomalous and Magnetospheric Particle EXplorer
SAO: Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
SAR: Search And Rescue
SAR: Synthetic Aperture Radar
SARA: Satellite pour Astronomie Radio Amateur
SAREX: Search and Rescue Exercise
SAREX: Shuttle Amateur Radio Experiment
SAS: Space Activity Suit
SAS: Space Adaptation Syndrome
SAT: Synthetic Aperture Telescope
S/C: SpaceCraft
SCA: Shuttle Carrier Aircraft
SCT: Schmidt-Cassegrain Telescope
SDI: Strategic Defense Initiative
SDIO: Strategic Defense Initiative Organization
SEI: Space Exploration Initiative
SEST: Swedish ESO Submillimeter Telescope
SETI: Search for ExtraTerrestrial Intelligence
SID: Sudden Ionospheric Disturbance
SIR: Shuttle Imaging Radar
SIRTF: Space (formerly Shuttle) InfraRed Telescope Facility
SL: SpaceLab
SLAR: Side-Looking Airborne Radar
SLC: Space Launch Complex
SLS: Space(lab) Life Sciences
SMC: Small Magellanic Cloud
SME: Solar Mesosphere Explorer
SMEX: SMall EXplorers
SMM: Solar Maximum Mission
SN: SuperNova (e.g., SN1987A)
SNR: Signal to Noise Ratio
SNR: SuperNova Remnant
SNU: Solar Neutrino Units
SOFIA: Stratospheric Observatory For Infrared Astronomy
SOHO: SOlar Heliospheric Observatory
SPAN: Space Physics and Analysis Network
SPDM: Special Purpose Dextrous Manipulator
SPOT: Systeme Probatoire pour l'Observation de la Terre
SPS: Solar Power Satellite
SRB: Solid Rocket Booster
SRM: Solid Rocket Motor
SSF: Space Station Fred (er, Freedom)
SSI: Solid-State Imager (on Galileo)
SSI: Space Studies Institut
SSME: Space Shuttle Main Engine
SSPF: Space Station Processing Facility
SSRMS: Space Station Remote Manipulator System
SST: Spectroscopic Survey Telescope
SST: SuperSonic Transport
SSTO: Single Stage To Orbit
STIS: Space Telescope Imaging Spectrometer (to replace FOC and GHRS)
STS: Shuttle Transport System (or) Space Transportation System
STScI: Space Telescope Science Institute
SWAS: Submillimeter Wave Astronomy Satellite
SWF: ShortWave Fading
TAL: Transatlantic Abort Landing (Shuttle abort plan)
TAU: Thousand Astronomical Unit (mission)
TCS: Thermal Control System
TDRS: Tracking and Data Relay Satellite
TDRSS: Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System
TES: Thermal Emission Spectrometer (on Mars Observer)
TIROS: Television InfraRed Observation Satellite
TLA: Three Letter Acronym
TOMS: Total Ozone Mapping Spectrometer
TPS: Thermal Protection System
TSS: Tethered Satellite System
UARS: Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite
UBM: Unpressurized Berthing Mechanism
UDMH: Unsymmetrical DiMethyl Hydrazine
UFO: Unidentified Flying Object
UGC: Uppsala General Catalog
UHF: Ultra High Frequency
UIT: Ultraviolet Imaging Telescope (Astro package)
UKST: United Kingdom Schmidt Telescope
USAF: United States Air Force
USMP: United States Microgravity Payload
UT: Universal Time (a.k.a. GMT, UTC, or Zulu Time)
UTC: Coordinated Universal Time (a.k.a. UT)
UV: UltraViolet
UVS: UltraViolet Spectrometer
VAB: Vehicle Assembly Building (formerly Vertical Assembly Building)
VAFB: Vandenberg Air Force Base
VEEGA: Venus-Earth-Earth Gravity Assist (Galileo flight path)
VHF: Very High Frequency
VLA: Very Large Array
VLBA: Very Long Baseline Array
VLBI: Very Long Baseline Interferometry
VLF: Very Low Frequency
VLT: Very Large Telescope
VMS: Vertical Motion Simulator
VOIR: Venus Orbiting Imaging Radar (superseded by VRM)
VPF: Vertical Processing Facility
VRM: Venus Radar Mapper (now called Magellan)
WD: White Dwarf
WFPC: Wide Field / Planetary Camera (on HST)
WFPCII: Replacement for WFPC
WIYN: Wisconsin / Indiana / Yale / NOAO telescope
WSMR: White Sands Missile Range
WTR: Western Test Range
WUPPE: Wisconsin Ultraviolet PhotoPolarimter Experiment (Astro package)
XMM: X-ray Multi Mirror
XUV: eXtreme UltraViolet
YSO: Young Stellar Object


#!/usr/bin/perl
# 'alt', An Acronym Scrambling Program, by Larry Wall

$THRESHOLD = 2;

srand;
while (<>) {
    next unless /^([A-Z]\S+): */;
    $key = $1;
    $acro{$key} = $';
    @words = split(/\W+/,$');
    unshift(@words,$key);
    $off = 0;
    foreach $word (@words) {
        next unless $word =~ /^[A-Z]/;
        *w = $&;
        vec($w{$word}, $off++ % 6, 1) = 1;
    }
}

foreach $letter (A .. Z) {
    *w = $letter;
    @w = keys %w;
    if (@w < $THRESHOLD) {
        @d = `egrep '^$letter' /usr/dict/words`;
        chop @d;
        push(@w, @d);
    }
}

foreach $key (sort keys %acro) {
    $off = 0;
    $acro = $acro{$key};
    $acro =~ s/((([A-Z])[A-Z]*)[a-z]*)/ &pick($3, $2, $1, ++$off) || $& /eg;
    print "$key: $acro";
}

sub pick {
    local($letter, $prefix, $oldword, $off) = @_;
    $i = 0;
    if (length($prefix) > 1 && index($key,$prefix) < 0) {
        if ($prefix eq $oldword) {
            $prefix = '';
        }
        else {
            $prefix = $letter;
        }
    }
    if (length($prefix) > 1) {
        local(*w) = substr($prefix,0,1);
        do {
            $word = $w[rand @w];
        } until $word ne $oldword && $word =~ /^$prefix/i || ++$i > 30;
        $word =~ s/^$prefix/$prefix/i;
        $word;
    }
    elsif (length($prefix) == 1) {
        local(*w) = $prefix;
        do {
            $word = $w[rand @w];
        } until $word ne $oldword && vec($w{$word}, $off, 1) || ++$i > 10;
        $word = "\u\L$word" if $word =~ tr/a-z/A-Z/;
        $word;
    }
    else {
        local(*w) = substr($oldword,0,1);
        do {
            $word = $w[rand @w];
        } until $word ne $oldword && $word =~ tr/a-z/A-Z/ == 0 || ++$i > 30;
        $word;
    }
}

Mr DeCenso, in spite of requiring Scholarly opinion on the hanging of Judas,
rejects that the scholarly opinion of the those scholars and then rephrases
those scholars opinion on the subject:


and 


Actually, if you do further research as to the Greek word "apacgw," you will
find that it does denote success.  Those scholars did indeed have an excellent
reason to assume that the suicide was successful.  As I pointed out, I
recently checked several Lexicons:

	"Greek English Lexicon of the New Testament," Louw and Nida
	"Robinson's Greek and English Lexicon of the New Testament"
	"Greek English Lexicon of the New Testament," Grimm
	"Word study Concordance," Tynsdale
	"A Greek English Lexicon of the New Testament and other 
	 early Christian Writings," Bauer-Arndt-Gingrich
	"The New Analytical Greek Lexicon," Perschbacher

A couple simply stated "hanged oneself", and a couple were more explicit 
and stated that "apacgw" means specifically "kill yourself by hanging." A
couple also noted that the meaning of one the root words for "apacgw" is
"strangle, throttle or choke" (which pretty much invalidates the guy who
suggested to David Joslin that Judas was hung upside down).  One of the best
references though, "Robinson's Greek and English Lexicon of the New
Testament," not only stated the translation, it gave both the root words, the
literal translation, related greek words which use the same roots, and also
other presented specific examples of the word in greek literature (to give
further context).  

The word "apagchw" has two root words: "gchw" is the "to strangle" root, and
the root word "apo" means literally "away." This root words is included in
words which denote a transition.  It can mean a transition in place (eg: the
greek word "apagello" means to send a message).  "Apo" can also denote a
change in state and specifically the change from life to death.  Robinson
specifically makes comparison to the word "apokteiuo," which means "to kill."
In literal meaning the word "apacgw" means "to throttle, strangle to put out
of the way," and implicitly denotes a change in life state (ie: away from
life, to death).  So while the word "apacgw" does mean "to hang," it
specifically denotes a death as well.  Thus Robinson is quite specific when he
state that it means "to hang oneself, to end one's life by hanging." He then
notes the the use of "apacgw" in Homers Odessy 19:230 to denote context.  He
presents that example of "apacgw" as being used to explicitly mean "suicide by
hanging." Now since there is a perfectly good word for strangling, without the
added denotation of "death," and as you insist that the Bible was written by
God, and every word is precicely correct, you are stuck with the complete
meaning of "apacgw" (ie: Since the word "apacgw" was used, then death is
denoted as the result). 

By the way, I note that Mr DeCenso also presents an example of "apacgw":


Note Mr DeCenso, as you say, the Septuagint was a translation from Hebrew to
Greek, and you have not shown the original meaning of the Hebrew (ie" the the
Hebrew say "and died"), and thus whether it was simply echoed in the Greek. 
It should also be pointed out that, regardless of the added "and died", the
correct translation would still be "apacgw," as the man did indeed die from
strangulation (redundant, but correct).  Further, we have evidence that the
Septuagint was repeatedly rewritten and reedited (which included versions
which contradicted each other), and such editing was not even necessarily
executed by Greeks.  Thus I am not sure that you can use the Septuagint as it
now stands, as a paragon of ancient greek.  So, what you really need to prove
your point Mr DeCenso, is an example, in ancient greek, of someone committing
"apacgw" and surviving.  Otherwise I would see you as simply making worthless
assertions without corresponding evidence. 

Now I would note Mr DeCenso, that everytime I go out of my way to research it
one of your apparently contrived exegisis, I pretty much find it false.  Thus,
I think that if you are going to add to the text, something over and above
what the source clearly says, then you had better have an explicit Greek or
historical source to justify it. 

By the way, as to Mr Rose's statement about trees around the Potter's Field:


Unless Mr Rose can show that these trees are two thousand years old, or that
there are 2000 year old stumps there, or has a 2 thousand year old description
of the area which mentions such trees, then it is inappropriate for him to
assert that the present placement of trees prove the location of the trees two
thousand years ago (after all, things change). 

Now as to your other argument, ie: that the money Judas used is not the same
as the 30 silvers:


True, Peter (or the author of Acts) does not specifically call Judas' betrayal
"an iniquity," but for that matter, neither does John specifically call Judas'
actions "an iniquity" either.  Further John 13:29 did not say that Judas took

    "Some thought that because, Judas had the money box, Jesus was telling
     him "Buy what we need for the feast"; or that he should give something
     to the poor, So after receiving the morsel he immediately went out, and
     it was night."

Note that it is said that Judas left, it does not say that he took the money
box.  Thus when I see your explanation it still seems to me you would choose
the a an unproven iniquity, mentioned by another author, in a different
book, written at a different time, over the iniquity explicitly mentioned by
the author of acts.  I find this forced and contrived. 

Of course this particular argument becomes moot, since we have have seen
evidence that "apacgw" means suicide.  You see, since Judas' hanging was
successful, he could not have spent the money mentioned in John 13:29, because
Matthew and Mark explicitly say the betrayal was on the high holy day (ie:
Passover), and thus he could not have spent the money before killing himself
the next day.  Thus the money which bought the "Field of Blood" would have to
have been the 30 pieces of silver (Of course he got the 30 pieces of silver
that night as well, and thus couldn't have spent that either.  Oh dear, I
believe that the house of cards is comming down). 

Maybe we should at this point, discuss now whether Jesus was crucified on
Friday or Saturday as that is now part of the argument about Judas.

By the way, as to where the prophesy of the Potter's field came from (ie: the
mention of it in Matthew), you say:


I am reminding you now to discuss it now. It's all part of the same verse we
are discussing, and I wish you would quit procrastinating and sidestepping 
these issues.
 
				Later,

				Dave Butler

	A wise man proportions his belief to the evidence.
				David Hume, Philosopher
				An Inquiry Concerning Human Understanding
I'll contact you offline about this.




    Hmmm... people in the americas before the time of Christ, children who
die young, etc. ?




   But of course, the popular conception of hell (correct or incorrect) is
something akin to eternal perpetuation of consciousness, at the very least.



   I think a good number of atheists believe there is nothing beyond 
bodily death, but it is simply an abuse of language to say they believe
they're going to hell. They believe they're going to _die_. Understand
that you've turned Hell into a verb. Using the same logic, it also follows
that all animals are 'going to Hell.' Are you sure this is what you want
to say? (presumably animals don't have the opportunity to get to heaven,
but this still doesn't change the fact that they're going to Hell (die
a final death))

   I don't claim to know whether or not there is an afterlife of _some_
sort, but if Hell is as you described (final death, and
not eternal perpetuation of consciousness) it will be true that
there will never be a moment when I am aware of my non-existence. 
(assuming I 'go to Hell' and not to Heaven) In other words, I'll
never know I'm dead. Hmmm... 



    Ever hear people say of a loved one who was ill, and has died:
 "At least she's not suffering any more; She's in Heaven now." ?

    Consider the following statement:
 "At least she's not suffering any more; She's in Hell now."

    The above statement sounds odd, but according to your definition of Hell, 
it would be a true statement. The person in Hell would not be suffering. 
Granted, they wouldn't be *anything* (wouldn't be having any
conscious experience whatsoever). 

    You say Hell (death) is eternal. However, this loses its meaning 
to a dead person. And to me, it seems that the threat of some sort 
of eternal punishment only makes sense/has force if one expects to
be conscious throughout this eternity. 

    Many atheists believe that the thirst for an afterlife is simply the
product of propaganda ("Friend, do you want the FREE gift of e-ternal life?"
It's my understanding that the early jews did not believe in an afterlife.
Can anyone back me up on this?) combined with the survival instinct all
animals share. The difference is we have consciousness, and once we get the
idea of eternal life drilled into our brains, we then desire a sort of
super-survival. 

 

    That would depend on what Heaven is like. If God is a King, and 
an eternity in heaven consists of giving thanks and praise to the King,
I might opt for Hell. I read a lovely account of a missionary trying to
convert Eskimos to Christianity in the book _The Illusion of Immortality_
by Corliss Lamont. The missionary started to speak about Heaven. 
"Are there seals in heaven? Will we be able to go hunting?" asked an
Eskimo. The missionary said no. The group of Eskimos then said something
to the effect of, "Well what good is your Heaven if there's no hunting?
Scram." I highly recommend the above book (IOI) to anyone who wants an
account of the other side of the immortality coin (that there is no 
immortality). 




   Pax,
I was wondering if anyone knew any changes to the temple
ceremony within the last fifty years....
Also, why do you think they were made (revelation, 
assimilation to mainstream Christianity, etc.)?
I know that the God Makers was published quite a while
ago.  Could rituals have been changed since then?

I am also very interested in the influence of Freemasonry
on early Mormonism, especially in the Smith family and 
in the Nauvoo settlement.  Info on any new studies would 
be appreciated.

Thanks, 



Dr. Tahir Ijaz comments on Esam Abdel-Rahem's statement:



Mr. Jawad Ali then comments on Tahir Ijaz's statement:



"The converse would be that the problem is that Muslims dont consider
Ahmadies to be Muslims"

Which is a wrong statement. In the light of Dr. Ijaz's statement, the
above statement should be corrected:
".......................................is that (some) non-Ahmadi Muslims
don't consider Ahmadi-Muslims as Muslims"

So, the problem does not get solved:-) Who is a muslims and who is not?
Humans cannot decide. Humans may not declare others faiths. Its that 
simple. I don't understand, why the mere use of the word "ISLAM" is
becomming such a big issue. I have seen numorous postings on the net
on this subject, and all they say, "No, NO, you cannot use ISLAM as 
the name of your newsgroup". ?? 

I haven't seen a single posting stating what right do they have in declaring
the name of other's faiths? Who gives them this authority? Quran? or
Hadith? or something else? I want to know this! 

Just a small reminder to all my Muslim Brothers, Did _EVER_ the 
Holy Prophet of Islam (Muhammad PBUH), say to anyone who called
himself a Muslim:

No, You are not a Muslim ! ???????

NEVER! I challenge all my Muslim brothers to produce a single 
such evidence from the history of Islam!

Hence, if the Prophet Muhammad could never do that to anyone, how
could the Muslims, Mullahs or even Governments of today do
it to anyone. Do you consider yourself above the Holy Prophet 
Muhammad (PBUH) ?? 


Sincerely,
Nabeel.



   Just a quick question. If Mary was Immaculately concieved, so she
   could be a pure vessel, does this mean that she was without sin
   and, therefore, the perfect (meaning sinless) female human being?
   Is this why she is held so highly in the Catholic Church despite
   it's basically patriarchical structure?

She was immaculately conceived, and so never subject to Original Sin,
but also never committed a personal sin in her whole life.  This was
possible because of the special degree of grace granted to her by God.

She is regarded so highly because of her special relationship to God,
and everything that flows from that relationship.

The Catholic Church sees her as the new Eve.  (The Fathers in the
early Church use this particular figure a lot.)

I'm sure it is, and I am not amused.  Every time I read that part of the
TIFF spec, it infuriates me- and I'm none too happy about the
complexity of the spec anyway- because I think their "arbitrary but
carefully chosen number" is neither.  Additionally, I find their
choice of 4 bytes to begin a file with meaningless of themselves- why
not just use the letters "TIFF"?

(And no, I don't think they should have bothered to support both word
orders either- and I've found that many TIFF readers actually
don't.)
I searched the U Mich archives fairly thoroughly for 3D graphics packages,
I always thought it to be a mirror of sumex-aim.stanford.edu... I was wrong.
I'll look into GrafSys... it does sound interesting!

Thanks Cheinan.

We also cannot fail to note the intense suffering a devastation which has been
wrecked on our world because of Christians -- who were certain they were
following Christ.  From Captialist who have polluted the enviorment in strict
obedience to the Gensis command to subdue the earth, to Nazi's who have
"justly"
punished the Jews for the killing Christ (as well as the other progroms), the
innocent women who were burned alive in accordance with "you shall not allow a
witch to live", the Moslems who were killed in the Crusades, the god-fearing
men destroyed by the inquistion.  The religious wars in Spain, France, England,
etc.  Christianity has undoubtedly caused the most suffering and needless loss
of life by individuals whose certainity that they were following the
instructions therein, was unquestionable.  There is much to grieve.
The only reason for the death penalty is revenge?? If you are going to
try to refute a position, try to refute the whole position or acknosledge
that you are only speaking to small piece of the problem. Broad sweeping
"the only reason, " etc on as tough nut to crack as the death penalty
reallly doesn't help much.

Every year the FBI releases crime stats showing an overwhelming amount of
crime is committed by repeat offenders. People are killed by folks who
have killed (who knows how many times) before. How aobut folks who are for
the death penalty, not for revenge, but to cut down on recidivism?

There is a nice little tool in Lucid emacs. It's called "calendar".
On request it shows for given longitude/latitude coordinates times for
sunset and sunrise. The code is written in lisp.
I don't know if you like the idea that an editor is the right program to
calculate these things.


Theo W.
ARIANESPACE FLIGHT 56

(Flight V.56 was originally intended to carry the Hughes HS-601 series 
Galaxy IV satellite, but the payload was withdrawn just prior to flight.)

The 56th Ariane launch is now scheduled to place the ASTRA 1C and ARSENE 
satellites into an improved geostationary transfer orbit (GTO), with 
inclination reduced to 5 degrees and apogee altitude increased by 150 km.
This will be the 28th launch of an Ariane 4 and the first in the 42L 
configuration, with 2 liquid strap-on boosters (PAL).  It will be launched
from the newly refurbished Ariane launch complex ELA 2, in Kourou - French 
Guiana.

The launch vehicle performance requirement for this mission is 3,147 kg
of which 2,944 kg represents the satellite mass.  The total vehicle mass
at liftoff is 361,778 kg.


Required Orbit Characteristics:
  Perigee Altitude ..... 200 km
  Apogee Altitude ...... 36,160 km at injection 
  Inclination ..........   5 degrees


The Ariane 42L lift-off for Flight 56 is scheduled on Thursday,
April 29, 1993, as soon as possible within the following launch 
window:

     Kourou Time        GMT (04/30/93)      Washington, DC
     21:52 - 22:50      00:52 - 01:50       20:52 - 21:50


LAUNCH VEHICLE:

Ariane 42L.  This is a three-stage liquid fueled launcher with two liquid 
fueled strap-on boosters.  The first stage (L220) is built by Aerospatiale,
and is powered by 4 liquid fueled Viking V engines.  The second stage (L33)
is built by MBB Erno and is powered by a single Viking IV engine.  Both the
Viking IV and V engines are manufactured by SEP.  The first and second stages
use a biliquid UH25/N2O4 fuel. The third stage (H10) is built by Aerospatiale,
and is powered by a cryogenic H2/O2 fueled HM-7B engine built by SEP. The two
strap-on boosters (PAL) are each powered by a Viking VI engine, also built 
by SEP, which use the same biliquid fuel as the first and second stages.  
The fully assembled launch vehicle stands 56 meters high on the pad.  
It uses the Type 01 Ariane Short payload fairing.


Flight Profile:

 +02:21  Liquid strap-on booster jettison
 +03:11  First stage separation
 +03:18  Second stage ignition
 +04:10  Fairing jettison
 +05:21  Second stage separation
 +05:26  Third stage ignition
 +17:30  Third stage shutdown / orbit injection
 +19:56  ASTRA 1C separation
 +22:36  Cyclade adapter separation
 +24:26  ARSENE separation
 +28:47  End of Ariane mission 56


PAYLOADS:

ASTRA 1C is the third spacecraft in the fleet of "Societe Europeenne
des Satellites" to broadcast direct TV to homes all over Europe.
Built by Hughes, it will be the second HS-601 launched by Ariane.

  Total mass at lift-off .... 2,790 kg
  Mass at GEO insertion ..... 1,700 kg
  Dry mass .................. 1,180 kg     
  On-board power ............ 3,300 W (end of life)
  Nominal lifetime .......... 15 years     
  Span of solar panels ...... 21 m
  On-Orbit position ......... 19.2 degrees east, over Africa.

 Transmission capacity:  
   34 channels in Ku-band, via 18 transponders.

 In-flight operations:
   Solar array deployment ............ about 6 days after lift-off
   First of 3 apogee motor firings ... about 40 hours after lift-off 
                                       at 4th apogee


ARSENE is the first spacecraft built by the European Space Industry
for the benefit of the world amateur radio community.  

  Total mass at lift-off .... 154 kg
  Mass at GEO insertion .....  98 kg
  Dry mass ..................  97 kg     
  On-board power ............ 42 W (end of life)
  Nominal lifetime .......... 3 years     
  Spacecraft dimensions ..... 1.1m x .96m
  Orbital parameters ........ 20000/36000 km, 0 inclination, period 17:30.

 Transmission capacity:  
   S-band:  1 transponder at 2.446 ghz
   VHF/UHF: 145/435 mhz 


LAUNCH COVERAGE:

All Ariane missions are broadcast live via satellite from Kourou. 
Coverage begins at 30 minutes before launch and continues until 
all payloads have been deployed.  This mission will likely be carried
in the US on Galaxy 6, however it could be Galaxy 7 or another satellite.
(What is the European satellite normally used for Ariane coverage?)
 
I am working on a project where we are going to be including
both still and moving grapics within a database.  Of course
JPEG and MPEG come to mind as the formats of choice for the
various files.  However, from what I read on the Net, it seems
as if there are several different forms of each of these.

What I want to do, is settle on a file format which I can count
on as being a standard format 10 years from now.  I know Apple is going
to support Quicktime on the new Power PC's and, so this
may be the format of choice.

What format does Apple's Quicktime use for their products?  I guess
it is some kind of MPEG for their motion picture. Is it any different
than standard MPEG files?

Thanx for any info!
I have a researcher who collecting electical impulses from
the human heart through a complex Analog to Digital system
he has designed and inputting this information into his EISA
bus HP Vectra Computer running DOS and the Phar Lap DOS extender. 

He want to purchase a very high-performance video card for
3-D modeling. He is aware of a company called Matrox but
he is concerned about getting married to a company and their
video routine library. He would hope some more flexibility:
to choose between several card manufacturers with a standard
video driver. He would like to write more generic code- 
code that could be easily moved to other cards or computer operating
systems in the future. Is there any hope?
Any information would be greatly appreciated-
Please, if possible, respond directly to internet mail 
to raymaker@bcm.tmc.edu

The proper term for what Mike expresses is Monophysitism.  This was a
heresy that was condemned in the Council of Chalcedon in 451 AD.  It
grew up in reaction to Nestorianism, which held that the Son and Jesus
are two different people who happened to be united in the same body
temporarily.  Monophysitism is held by the Copts of Egypt and Ethipoia
and by the Jacobites of Syria and the Armenian Orthodox.  It believes
that Jesus Christ was God (which is correct), that he was man (which is
correct), that he was one person (which is correct), but that he had
only one nature and one will and oen energy (which is heretical, the
orthodox position is that he had two natures and two wills and two
energies, both divine and human, though the wills were in perfect
harmony).  That is what Mike is trying to get across, that while Jesus
came in human form, Mike says He did not have a human nature or a human
will.  In reality, he had both, though neither made him subject to
original sin.
It is interesting to note that the Monothelites were a reaction to this
conflict and attempted to solve the problem by admitting two natures but
not two wills or two energies.  It also was condemned, at a late council
in Constantinople I believe.

Andy Byler


Ah, double-fulfillment.  First of all I would say that I'm not sure all
the prophecies had double-fulfillment, e.g., the Isaiah 7:14 prophecy.

I would say that just because this happens on some occasions does not mean
it will occur always, especially with regard to NT prophecies. The apostles
who quoted the OT and applied those passages to Jesus were acting as divine
messengers and giving the inerrant Word of God to the Church.  No one has
that authority today.  No one has the apostolic authority to say that
such-and-such a prophecy has double-fulfillment.  If the imagry of
Revelation fits with events of the 1st century, it is folly for us to try
and make it apply to events 20 centuries later.


   Just because the 68070 can run upto 15Mhz doesn't mean the CD-I
is running at that speed.  I said -> I understand it is a 68070 running
at something like 7Mhz.  I am not sure, but I think I read this a long
time ago.

   Anyway, still with 15Mhz, you need sprites for a lot of tricks for
making cool awesome games (read psygnosis).


Alan,

	don't forget,  a HUGE  cost for airliner developement is FAA
certification.  the joke is when the paperwork  exceeds teh weight
of the airplane,  it will fly.

The SR-71, and teh X-15  both highly ambitious  aero-space projects were done
on very narrow engineering budgets.   Partly because they didn't spend much
on paper  pushing.   There is some company in missouri  trying to
get funding to build light commercial transporters  on a low cost basis,
mostly by reducing FAA  certification costs.
COMMERCIAL SPACE NEWS/SPACE TECHNOLOGY INVESTOR NUMBER 22

   This is number twenty-two in an irregular series on commercial 
space activities.  The commentaries included are my thoughts on 
these developments.  

   Sigh... as usual, I've gotten behind in getting this column 
written.  I can only plead the exigency of the current dynamics in 
the space biz.  This column is put together at lunch hour and after 
the house quiets down at night, so data can quickly build up if 
there's a lot of other stuff going on.  I've complied a lot of 
information and happenings since the last column, so I'm going to 
have to work to keep this one down to a readable length.  Have fun! 

CONTENTS:
1- US COMMERCIAL SPACE SALES FLATTEN IN 1993
2- DELTA WINS TWO KEY LAUNCH CONTRACTS
3- COMMERCIAL REMOTE SENSING VENTURE GETS DOC "GO-AHEAD"
4- INVESTMENT FIRM CALLS GD'S SPACE BIZ "STILL A GOOD INVESTMENT" 
5- ARIANE PREDICTS DIP IN LAUNCH DEMAND
6- NTSB INVESTIGATES PEGASUS LAUNCH OVER ABORTED ABORT
7- ANOTHER PEGASUS COMPETITOR IS ANNOUNCED
8- GEORGIA LAUNCH SITE DROPPED FROM PLANNING
9- SPAIN'S CAPRICORNIA LAUNCHER STILL PROCEEDING
10- PACASTRO SIGNS LAUNCH RESERVATION WITH SWEDISH SPACE CORP
11- CHINA AND TAIWAN JOINT SATELLITE VENTURE REPORTED
12- SOUTH KOREA ANNOUNCES NATIONAL MOVE INTO SPACE TECHNOLOGIES
13- SPACE TECHNOLOGY INDEXES THROUGH MARCH
FINAL NOTES
  
ARTICLES
--------------------------------------------------------------------
1- US COMMERCIAL SPACE SALES FLATTEN IN 1993
   The US Department of Commerce projects US commercial space sales 
will remain flat in 1993, with current data showing only a 2 percent 
growth over 1992.  As published in "US Industrial Outlook 1993" 
(which was released in January), revenues from the 1993 US space 
business are currently projected to be about $4,890 M. 
   In contrast to previous years when US commercial space sales had 
shown double digits growth rates, this year's projected results are 
driven by the US satellite manufacturing industry, where sales are 
projected to drop from 12 satellites worth $1,300 M in 1992 to 7 
satellites worth $ 670 M in 1993.  The US Industrial Outlook also 
projects U.S. commercial launchers faces flat demand in coming year, 
and while predicting that 1993 revenues will increase 10 percent to 
$450 M, future sales will be "adversely affected by the downward 
revision in Department of Defense launch plans."                           
   Offsetting flat launch revenues and satellite deliveries, 
revenues for fixed and mobile satellite services are projected to 
increase to $1,900 M, primarily driven by increased revenues from 
broadcast and cable TV networks.  Similarly, remote sensing products 
and sales are projected to increase to $250 M in 1993 (up 15%). 

 US COMMERCIAL SPACE REVENUES     1989  1990   1991 1992(r) 1993(e)
 Commercial satellites             900 1,000  1,100  1,300     670
 Satellite services                750   800  1,200  1,500   1,900
   Fixed                          (700) (735)(1,115)(1,275) (1,520)
   Mobile                          (50) ( 65)(   85)(  225) (  380)
 Satellite ground equip            790   860  1,350  1,400   1,560
   Mobile equipment                (40)  (85)  (280)  (352)    ???
 Commercial launches               150   570    380    450     450
 Remote sensing data and services  125   155    190    215     250
 Private microgravity research lab  --    --     --     --      60
                                 ===== =====  ======  =====   =====
   TOTAL ANNUAL REVENUES         2,715 3,385   4,220  4,815   4,890
        (r) = revised data for 1992   (e) = estimated data for 1993
   [Commentary: This is the first look at how the US commercial 
space industry is expected to do in 1993.  In general, not a bad 
report -- with most of the bad news concentrated in the satellite 
manufacturing area.  There, changes of only a few satellites worth 
$100 M or so apiece can substantially influence the annual 
projection.  If we look forward over several years, this market 
sector should retain strong sales as US firms have been very 
successful in regaining international market share in the satellite 
business. 
   Furthermore, sales of satellite ground equipment should go up in 
the next revision of this data, expected to be released about mid-
year.  Data on mobile satellite ground equipment sales (including 
such items as GPS receivers and portable satellite terminals) 
appears to be missing from the January data set.  DoC usually 
publishes a listing of  "Space Business Indicators" in mid-year, and 
the next revision of commercial space revenues should be released 
then.  I expect the revised revenues should easily top $5,000 M, if 
the mobile satellite ground equipment are added back into the 
numbers, and the year should show about a 10% overall market growth. 
   Looking beyond this year's data, future markets look quite 
promising.  The DoC projects satellite service revenues could top 
$3,000 M by 1995 if new mobile satellite services and direct 
broadcasting are implemented as planned, and that mobile satellite 
station sales are expected to continue to growth at 15-20 % per year 
through the mid 1990's.  My numbers are somewhat more pessimistic 
for near-term market growth, but I agree the trend should be for 
substantial growth in US commercial space sales over at least the 
next 5-10 years.  (My pessimism is due to more conservative 
assumptions on market capture and growth in LEO communications and 
satellite direct broadcasting services.  I don't believe all of the 
current players in the yet-to-be-born LEO communications satellite 
market and in the yet-to-be-proven direct broadcasting market will 
be financial successes, nor that sales growth will be as explosive 
as currently projected.) 
   It should also be noted this year's DoC data is the first 
release to show revenues from privately funded microgravity research 
facilities.  The $60 M shown in the Janurary data is primarily for 
the Spacehab module, planned for launch in April on the Space 
Shuttle, but also hidden in these numbers are the projected first 
sales from the COMET orbital launch and recovery experiment module.] 

2- DELTA WINS TWO KEY LAUNCH CONTRACTS
   McDonnell Douglas Corporation, which builds and markets the Delta 
launch vehicle has won two important launch contracts.  Motorola 
Inc. announced in mid February that it had selected the Delta to 
launch most of the satellites in the 66-satellite Iridium LEO 
communications constellation, and in mid April, McDonnell Douglas 
was awarded the USAF Medium Launch Vehicle III contract. 
   The launch services contract with Motorola for the Iridium 
constellation launch is for at launch of least 45 Iridium 
satellites.  Another 21 satellites have been contracted to be 
launched by Khrunichev Enterprise in Russian on 3 Proton vehicle 
launches.  These 45 satellites planned for the Delta will be 
launched 5 at a time,  providing for at least 9 launches.  
Additional satellites in the Iridium constellation, such as a 
planned on-orbit spares, may also be launched on Delta.  Although 
details of the launch services contract were reported to be 
negotiation, and not yet final. 
   The USAF MLV contract also went to MDC, bidding a variant of 
their Delta II launcher.  This contract is only initially worth $7.5 
million, but establishes a set of launch options for up to 36 
launches, encompassing launches from 1996 through 2002.  These 
launches will deploy the next generation of the USAF's Global 
Positioning System Block IIR navigation satellites, plus other 
programs.  First option for to meet the USAF launch options is 
expected to be exercised this year, after which the USAF is expected 
to request launches of up to 6 Deltas per year for at least 6 years.  
Under this contract the USAF can also request "launch on demand" 
services from MDC for the 1996-2002 time period, with a launch to 
occur within 40 days of the request. 
    [Commentary:  If these two contracts are fulfilled, they should 
provide an excellent business base for MDC's Delta launch program 
through the turn of the century.  Combined, these two contracts have 
a potential for about 45 launches, worth about $2,200 M to MDC, and 
sustaining a core business base of $300-400 M/year.  Other contracts 
for international and commercial payloads, as well as for NASA 
Medium ELV-class payloads, will add to this business base -- keeping 
MDC as a viable commerical launch company. 
    However, it should be noted there are risk elements in these 
contracts.  Motorola's Iridium LEO communications constellation has 
not yet received a US Federal Communications Commission license for 
operation in the U.S., nor has Motorola lined up all the financing 
and financial partners for the Iridium venture.  Without these 
approvals or financial backing there will be no Iridium launches.  
But, hopefully, these uncertainties will be settled this year. 
   Similarly, the USAF MLV III program has been the target of 
several Congressional actions which have slowed the production of 
the GPS Block IIR satellites and deleted the funding for the MLV III 
program in favor of the USAF NLS/"Spacelifter" program.  At this 
time, while it appears the MLV III contract will be executed, future 
funding for the MLV III and other USAF commercial launch contracts 
is being reconsidered as part of national space launch strategy 
reviews.  Some opinions expressed from within the Administration and 
Congress propose cancellation of all "ELV upgrade" programs 
(including the MLV programs) in favor of the proposed "Spacelifter" 
program.  Such opinions may have some weight in this year's budget 
deliberations, particularly as DoD funds will be more difficult to 
find in the shrinking US Defense budget.] 
 
3- COMMERCIAL REMOTE SENSING VENTURE GETS DOC "GO-AHEAD"
   The first commercial license to operate a remote sensing 
satellite was approved in early February by the US Department of 
Commerce's Office of Space Commerce.  A license was granted to 
WorldView Imaging Corporation of Oakland, California to build and 
operate a pair of LEO imaging satellites to provide multi-spectral 
images of the Earth. 
   [Commentary:  There has been little data released on this venture 
by WorldView and the DoC, other than the announcement of the 
operating and construction license.  This was reported to be at the 
request of WorldView.  Most industry speculation identifies this new 
venture as a "Star Wars" spinoff, using SDI-type technology to 
provide digital Earth sensing data, and heavily integrated into 
digital GIS databases for remote sensing/GIS users.  Most probable 
customers for this service include exploration geologists, 
agricultural planners, and urban planners.  
   It is noteworthy this is the first commercial venture under the 
1992 Land Remote Sensing Policy Act.  The Act, as passed last 
November, provides that remote sensing data gathered from private remote 
sensing craft may be sold to users at differing prices.  Prior to 
this act, remote sensing data from all satellites had to be sold to 
all users at the same prices, and private remote sensing ventures 
would have had to sell at the government-set Landsat data prices. 
   There are rumors of several other potential commercial remote 
sensing ventures working their way through the system at different 
stages of development.  I think the large Landsat and SPOT satellite 
systems will provide the majority of the satellite remote sensing 
data market for the next decade or so.  In contrast to these large, 
government-sponsored remote sensing systems, smaller market ventures 
such as WorldView and others can exploit market niches and use 
innovative technology, and I believe, can find profitability on the 
margin.  I predict there may be some very interesting ventures 
appearing in the next year or so.] 
                 
4- INVESTMENT FIRM CALLS GD'S SPACE BIZ "STILL A GOOD INVESTMENT" 
   Wall Street investment house Morgan Stanley thinks General 
Dynamic's Space Systems Division could still be a moneymaker, 
despite having failed in the last 3 Atlas launches.  In a recent 
analyst's report Morgan Stanley said "We are more than ever 
convinced that if the company can return the Atlas to its historical 
95%-plus success rate, this will become a highly profitable, cash-
generating unit."  Based upon discussions with GD's corporate 
management, Morgan Stanley projects that if the Atlas problems are 
cleared up the unit could see $70 M in earnings per year by 1995 and 
$100 M per year by 2000.  This is based upon GD's projection of 
capturing about 10 Atlas launches per year on the world market. 
   [Commentary:  Three failures in a row of their launch system has 
hurt General Dynamic's Space Systems Division.  Since GD has 
restructured to only keep a very few profitable core businesses, 
many market pundits have been speculating GD's space business might 
be next to be sold.  The Morgan Stanley report indicates GD's Space 
Systems Division has some potential as a moneymaker, despite current 
problems -- if they can get their act together.  Sales are projected 
to be about $560 M in 1993, which will probably generate a loss of 
about $25 M.  If GD can capture their projected share of the space 
launch market, and if they have managed to clean up the reliability 
of their Atlas launchers, then they could generate healthy profits 
from those sales.  But until they demonstrate the Atlas Centaur 
program is back on track, this division will continue to show 
substantial losses. 
   In response to the sell-off rumors, in my opinion, this operation 
is not a really good candidate for takeover and quick profitability.  
To do such a takeover, the current set corporate and divisional 
management would be replaced with another set from outside the firm.  
In GD SSD's case, to get the division back on track, the management 
team will have to concentrate hard on the technical problems with 
the Atlas Centaur, as well as in selling Atlas services.  This would 
indicate only another firm with experience in rocket launch 
operations could find such talent in-house, and be able to convince 
customers to buy their launch services.  Optimally, the firm would 
have substantial liquid rocket experience, and experience in 
marketing space technology internationally as well.  Candidates for 
this might be TRW, Rockwell, Lockheed, and Martin, and possibly 
McDonnell Douglas and Boeing.  But most of those firms have cash 
flow problems (MDC), have had a substantial business contraction 
(Boeing and MDC), are involved with other launch firms (Lockheed), 
or have taken on substantial debt (Martin).  And coming up with the 
$700-1500 M purchase price for the division is a big chunk of 
change for any company.] 
 
5 - ARIANE PREDICTS DIP IN LAUNCH DEMAND
   Arianespace, the operator of the Ariane launch system, is 
projecting a dip in launch demand in the late 1990's.  In early 
February, Arianespace released their annual market survey, which 
detailed their projection of the space transportation market for the 
next decade. 
   Over short run, Arianespace expects to retain their dominant 
position and sustain a majority share of the launch market.  Of 54 
international and commercial launches planned through 1995, Ariane 
holds contracts for 31, General Dynamics' Atlas vehicle holds 14 
contracts, McDonnell Douglas' Delta holds 7, and Great Wall's Long 
March vehicle holds 2 launch contracts. 
   Three-quarters of future launch contracts for which Ariane can 
compete are projected to come from communications satellites with 
the remaining 25% split between weather, Earth observation, and 
scientific satellites.  Most of the future telecommunications demand 
growth is predicted to come from the Asia/Pacific region. 
   Arianespace expects the current market consolidation of 
individual satellite operators into regional or national groups will 
continue, with these groups investing in heavier satellites with 
larger communications payloads carrying more transponders. 
Arianespace predicts the average mass of telecommunications 
satellites should increase by 20 % over today's average level, to 
about 3000 kg in GEO. 
   Demand for commercial launch services is expected to remain 
strong over the next three years, but in the second half of the 
decade, Arianespace predicts demand will decrease.  Arianespace 
bases this prediction upon a matching of satellite transponder 
demand and supply,  particularly as new data compression techniques 
appear to could double or triple transponder capacity using existing 
or near-term transponders. 
   One of the significant possible changes in the market was 
identified as the arrival of new launch vehicles, including Russian 
launch systems.  But Arianespace predicts that in the long term, 
investors purchasing launch services are looking for the best trade 
off between launch service quality and price, and that Russian and 
other new launch services will have to prove out their capabilities 
and service quality, and their market penetration will be minimal. 
   [Commentary:  Ariane releases their market surveys annually, and 
I reported on their prior market survey in a past issue of CSN/STI.  
Comparing the two surveys, there aren't outstanding differences in 
the numbers.   The most notable change is the consideration of new 
data compression techniques, reducing the demand for new physical 
transponders on orbit.
   I note that in contrast to some predictions, demand for space-
based communications transponders appears to be remain strong. While 
fiber optic lines are making substantial inroads into the 
established point-to-point telecommunications markets, growing 
demand for telecommunications services world wide and for point-to-
multipoint broadcast services have prevented a decrease in space 
transponder demand.  Fiberoptic cables provide a higher capability 
service, but only from established point A to established point B. 
To establish a fiberoptic link it is necessary to install cable 
between the points, and while there are improved network solutions, 
installing a large network of distributed fiberoptic links can cost 
millions or billions of dollars.  
   For broadcast services where there is not an existing ground 
network structure, satellites still offer the most cost effective 
solution.  And if new services are required into a new region, it is 
cheaper to install a small satellite link costing only a few tens of 
thousands of dollars and tie into the existing global satellite 
network.  This allows rapid growth of new satellite services, and 
has kept demand high.  The replacement market for fiberoptics is 
growing as well, since as demand grows between the points serviced, 
it becomes cost effective to later install a fiberoptic link to 
handle the increase in traffic. 
   Since the telecommunications and data transfer markets are still 
growing rapidly, satellite market projections remain rosy.  But 
satellites are also getting longer orbital lifetimes.  Current 
generation satellites are now getting guarantees of at 15 years of 
on-orbit service or more, in contrast to 10 years of service from 
last generation's satellites.  This has cut back some of the launch 
demand, as satellite owners are rescheduling replacement satellite 
launches over longer intervals. 
   And as last note; Arianespace didn't flag it this year, but it 
looks like the space transportation market will be rather over-
supplied by existing launch systems in the near term.  The annual 
commercial launch demand is for about 15-20 medium sized satellites 
per year.  From the supply side, Ariane is capable of launching up 
to about a dozen medium sized satellites a year, Delta is capable of 
about 9-12 per year, Atlas is capable of 6-12, Long March 4-8, 
Japan's H-Vehicle 2-4, Russia's Proton capable of 8, and other 
systems such as Zenit and Soyuz another 10-20 medium launches per 
year.  That's a lot of capability for a small market. 
   We can only expect the competition to intensify for commercial 
launches.]

6- NTSB INVESTIGATES PEGASUS LAUNCH OVER ABORTED ABORT 
   The 9 Feb Pegasus launch by Orbital Sciences Corporation has 
spawned an investigation over an apparent violation of range safety 
rules.  A valid abort order from a NASA range safety officer to halt 
the mission was overridden and the Pegasus was launched in violation 
of range safety rules.  
   In the last few minutes of the Pegasus launch countdown, one of 
two abort command receivers aboard the Pegasus failed.  Such a failure 
typically scrubs a launch,and a NASA range safety officer at 
Wallops Island, VA issued a mission abort order about a minute 
before the scheduled Pegasus launch.  Somehow this command was 
overridden by the OSC launch team or the message was lost in the 
communications channels, and the Pegasus was launched despite the 
valid abort call. 
   Fortunately, the Pegasus functioned as expected, and the abort 
command receiver was not needed.  But this incident did spark an 
investigation since a valid abort order was given under agreed-to 
launch constraint rules, and was not obeyed. 
   Leading the investigation is the National Transportation Safety 
Board (NTSB) with support from NASA, OSC, and the Air Force.  This 
investigation marks the first time NTSB has taken the lead on an 
incident involving a space launch.  According to the NTSB, their 
investigation will take about 6 months, and is primarily looking at 
lines of authority, communications links and safety procedures used 
in the launch. 
  [Commentary: This is the first time that the NTSB has led an 
investigation into a space launch.  Their leadership was requested 
by the Department of Commerce's Office of Commercial Space 
Transportation, who had licensed the commercial launch.  
   At the time of writing this column, some of the initial 
investigations have been concluded, and some of the results are 
starting to leak out into the trade press.  Apparently, 3 or four 
different communications channels were in use during the test. After 
the abort destruct receiver stopped responding, the NASA test 
director and range controller in the Mission Control room at Wallops 
Island gave abort orders about a minute before the launch.  
According to the mission rules, this should have stopped the launch. 
Somehow, the OSC test conductor ordered the abort reversed, and the 
NASA communicator on the net relayed that order to the B-52 carrying 
the Pegasus at about 22 seconds before launch.  Differing 
explainations of exactly how this happened are proposed -- with the 
best set being that clear lines of communications and clear 
definition of the responsibilities of the mission control team, and 
understanding of the mission rules were not established before the 
launch.  
   As we see more and more commercial launches, more of these 
procedural issues are going to crop up and will have to be resolved.   
This case is interesting because it is the first time the NTSB has 
been called in to investigate a commercial launch problem (as they 
do with commercial aircraft problems).  
   I think this problem will turn out to be primarily problems with 
procedures and communications, and will be cleared up with issuance 
of guidelines on how launch communications should be set up and how 
specific lines of authority should be delineated.] 

7- ANOTHER PEGASUS COMPETITOR IS ANNOUNCED
   Tsniimach Enterprise in Russia announced it is marketing a new 
small space launch system, based upon converted ICBM components.  
Two versions of the launcher are being marketed: the "Aerokosmos" 
winged vehicle launched like the OSC Pegasus, and the "Severkosmos", 
launched from a mobile ground transporter.  The Aerokosmos is 
projected to deliver 900 kg to a 200 km circular orbit or 580 kg to 
an 800 km circular orbit, and the Severkosmos to be capable of 430 
kg to 200 km orbits and 225 kg to 800 km.  Also proposed to be used 
with these launch systems is a LEO data relay system called 
'Sineva'.  Tsniimach Enterprise is described as a ex-military 
establishment, focusing on aerodynamics and thermal protection of 
spacecraft and which has participated in the development of the 
Buran shuttle system,  They are located near the NPO Energia 
facility in Kaliningrad, outside of Moscow. 
   [Commentary: There's very little released information on this new 
venture.  My suspicion is it is another Russian enterprise looking 
for hard currency and trying to capitalize upon their in-house 
knowledge of ex-Soviet launch systems.  It adds to the list of numerous 
commercial space startups announced from the ex-Soviet Union. 
   This one's a little different in that they are offering variants 
of ex-Soviet ICBMs, but I can't identify any key customers being 
targeted or substantial financial backing.]

8- GEORGIA LAUNCH SITE DROPPED FROM PLANNING
   In late January, Georgia Tech Research Institute released the 
results of a preliminary study on the feasibility of a commercial 
rocket launching site in Camden County, Georgia at the old Kingsland 
Missile Test Launching Site on the Atlantic coast.  The preliminary 
study recommended the site not be pursued as a commercial launch 
site, stating reopening the site was not feasible due to projected 
low investment returns, plus environmental and other geographic 
considerations.  However, the report did say the site might be ideal 
for other aerospace uses, and recommended other potential uses. 
   [Commentary:  This should put the nails in the coffin of the 
Kingsland Commercial Launch Site.  While other sites are still 
proceeding with commercial launch site development plans, Kingsland 
found without a key customer to act as anchor tenant, and if 
substantial infrastructure had to be put in, then the expected 
returns were too low to justify the cost of development.  
   This might point out some key discriminators in judging the 
feasibility of a commercial launch site.  These include:
  - Is there an identified key customer to provide core usage 
sufficient to recover setup costs?
  - Is there a market advantage of using the site?
  - Can existing infrastructure be used or modified at the site?
  - Can financing be found at low enough cost to support the 
investment?  
   Other commercial launch site ventures -- including those at 
Woomera, Poker Flat, Cape York, White Sands, Alabama Off-Shore 
Platform, Hawaii, and Vandenberg have to also be judged against 
these criteria.  In my opinion, some of these ventures are flying 
on hope and speculation, and not on sound financial grounds.]

9- SPAIN'S CAPRICORNIA LAUNCHER STILL PROCEEDING
   In one of his last official acts, former President Bush 
authorized space technology transfer for several joint space 
ventures between US and other firms.  One of these was a proposed 
use of US technology by Spain to build a small booster.  With that 
regulatory impediment removed, the 3-stage Capricornia launch 
vehicle will start development later this year, planning for a first 
launch in the 1995/96 time period.  The Capricornia is described as 
a small 3-stage all solid booster designed to put 250-500 Kg into 
LEO.  Several launch sites are being examined for the system, 
including 2 on the Iberian peninsula and 1 on the Canary Islands.  
Originated by INTA in Spain, the project reports it has $ 30 M in 
development funding, and will use technology from Argentina's Condor 
launch vehicle as well as from the US. 
   [Commentary:  Several firms have identified a market opportunity 
in providing a small launcher for the European market.  Small 
payloads from European firms or organizations currently use either 
Ariane piggyback launches or the US/Italian Scout launcher.  
However, Ariane piggyback opportunities are limited, and the Scout 
program is being phased out (accompanied by some disarray in the 
Italian government and space industry regarding any follow-on 
system).  
   This has left an apparent niche for a new European small launch 
system.  Surprisingly enough, ESA has not supported development of 
such a system within the current space funding structure.  Studies 
have been performed by British Aerospace, Aerospatiale, Deutsche 
Aerospace, and Italian organizations, but with the exception of the 
Swedish/PacAstro system (reported below), I have not been able to 
find any other European development work with even a rumor of 
funding for hardware. 
   Also of interest is the linking of the Capricornia to the 
Argentinian Condor launcher.  There have been some interesting 
rumors surfacing out of Argentina over the past year about a space 
launcher/IRBM program funded under the military junta which ruled 
the country in the 1970's and early 1980's. 
   What is known is in Feb 1992, the Argentinian Air Force formally 
transferred control of the Condor 2 missile program to the new 
civilian Argentinian national space agency (Comison Nacional de 
Atividades Espaciales - CNAE).  The Condor 2 program was described 
as originating in 1983, expanding upon the smaller Condor 1 rocket 
program in collaboration with Egypt and with support of German 
firms.  The Condor 2 was also reportedly funded indirectly by Iraq 
in the mid-1980's.  Fairly large solid rocket motors were built and 
tested, but Argentinan development of a suitable guidance package 
lagged that of the propulsion system. 
   It should be noted CNAE is planning to launch its first 
scientific satellite in late 1994.  The US$ 9 M, 181 Kg, SAC-B 
satellite will study the Earth's upper atmosphere and includes 
cooperative experiments from Italy and the US. No launch vehicle has 
yet been selected, but OSC's Pegasus and the Russian Burlak Air 
launched rocket are reported to be strong contenders for this 
contract.] 

10- PACASTRO SIGNS LAUNCH RESERVATION WITH SWEDISH SPACE CORP
   PacAstro, a small launch firm in Herndon, Virginia announced in 
late February it had received a $6 M launch reservation contract 
from the Swedish Space Corp to launch a satellite on PacAstro's PA-2 
launch vehicle.   This will be performed as part of the Polar 
Satellite Service (PSS), a joint Norwegian Space Center/ Swedish 
Space Corp. program to upgrade the Andoya Rocket Range in Norway and 
offering small satellite launches into the polar regions.  According 
to PacAstro, PSS is also performing an $8 M upgrade of the Andoya 
launch facilities, including a new integration facility and a fully-
enclosed vertical assembly building for small launch vehicles like 
the PacAstro PA-2.  PacAstro has been chosen as "the main 
alternative rocket supplier" for the small satellite launch service 
to be offered by PSS from Andoya.  The date of the launch of the 
Swedish satellite was not specified. 
   [Commentary:  PacAstro has been trying to line up customers and 
funding for their launch vehicle for some time now.  The PA-2 is a 
small, two stage rocket fueled by RP-1 and Liquid Oxygen.  From 
PacAstro's literature, the engines designed for the PA-series 
rockets are built of "off the shelf" components based upon the Lunar 
MOdule Descent Engines built by TRW, and are capable of putting a 
225 Kg satellite into a 750 km circular polar orbit.  
   PacAstro is trying to arrange construction financing for its 
first three PA-2 vehicles, with a first launch planned for 1995, and 
2 orbital launches planned for 1996.  My records show PacAstro hired 
TRW to provide marketing support and systems design,  with primary 
engineering to be done by AeroAstro, a small satellite builder 
closely associated with PacAstro (headquartered in the same 
building).  The Swedish Space Corporation would supply engineering, 
launch operations, vehicle subsystems, and marketing support. 
Sumitomo Corp. of Tokyo, is a first round investor and sits on the 
board of directors.  
   PacAstro has gotten a first round financial package of at least 
$550 K  (Some sources place this of high as $1 M), but has been 
searching for about a year for the additional $20-30 M needed to 
design, build and launch their first set of vehicles. 
   The launch reservation from SSC can possibly be used to help 
bring some investors on board, but by my estimate, they will need 
much more than the single $6 M sale to put their venture into real 
hardware.] 

11- CHINA AND TAIWAN JOINT SATELLITE VENTURE REPORTED
    In early March, it was reported a joint satellite communications 
venture between a Taiwanese and mainland Chinese was in the works.  
As reported in the Taipei press, China Development Corp. (CDC), 
headquartered in Taiwam and with links to the ruling Nationalist 
Party, is planning to set up a joint venture in Hong Kong with China 
Great Wall Industry Corp. with the objective of launching a regional 
communications satellite. CDC would cover about 10% of the satellite 
system cost (US $10 M) in exchange for rights to 10% of the 
satellite's communications channels.  
   [Commentary:  This announcement came close on the heels of the 
release of Taiwanese plans for space development (released in mid 
January).   In those plans, the National Space Program Office of 
Taiwan will launch 3 satellites, starting with ROCSAT-1, a 400 Kg 
scientific spacecraft, planned for launch in 1997.  Two additional 
satellites are planned, both communications satellites.   TRW has 
been helping Taiwan plan this program, budgeted at T$13.6 B (US $530 
M) through 2006.  
   I haven't been able to establish any relationship between this 
venture and those of the NSPOT, but there might be a connection.  
While Taiwan has the financing to pursue several ventures, the 
current Taiwanese telecommunications market might not support two 
separate sastellite ventures. 
   The reported name for the Tiawanese/Chinese system is "Asiasat-
2", but I don't thinks this has any relationship with the existing 
Hong Kong-based "Asiasat" program involving Chinese, Hong Kong, and 
other Asian investors, other than using it as an organizational 
model.  There are some obvious advantages to pursuing such a joing 
venture -- it could provide excellent first-hand experience to 
Taiwan for a very low cost, which then can be used in later 
satellite ventures.  But there are internal political issues between 
Taiwanese and Chinese ventures, but putting any joint venture 
through a  Hong Kong intermediary corporation might allow it to 
proceed. 
   In any case, the East Asian satellite market is lighting up with 
substantially growth projected in space services and revenues.  This 
is just another indicator to add to the list.] 

12- SOUTH KOREA ANNOUNCES NATIONAL MOVE INTO SPACE TECHNOLOGIES
   South Korea's Trade, Industry and Resources Ministry recently 
announced plans to invest US$22 B in research and development and 
another US$17 B into manufacturing and research facilities for 
advanced aerospace technologies.  Space technologies have been 
specifically targeted as part of this program, beginning with 
manufacture and launch of an advanced multi-purpose satellite by 
1997.  The objective of this investment is to raise South Korea's 
aerospace technology to the level of the world's top 10 countries by 
2000.                                 
   [Commentary: South Korea has been quietly working to develop its 
national aerospace industry, specifically including space 
activities. I'm noting this as a flag that potential new players are 
coming into the commercial space market. 
   As part of their national effort, 2 national telecommunications 
satellites for Korea Telecom will be launched in April and Oct 1995 
on Delta. Designated Koreasat 1 and 2, the platforms will provide 
television and telephone service throughout the Korean Peninsula, 
southwestern Japan and portions of China bordering North Korea. 
   South Korea launched its first small satellite piggyback on 
Ariane in Aug 1992, called Uribyol-1 (Our Star) and costing about US 
$8.8 M.  Uribyol-2 is planned for piggyback launch in October of 
this year, again on Ariane, and will be entirely "made in Korea."  
Uribyol-3, projected for a 1995 launch, will be an environment-
monitoring micro-satellite. 
   This satellite may be the precursor to a series of small Earth 
observation satellites,  The KEOS (Korean Earth Observation System) 
project, which has been submitted for approval to the South Korean 
government, would use two or three 300-kg spacecraft equipped with 
optical and microwave sensors.
   South Korean press reports claim there is also a parallel 
military effort to establish the capabilities for building and 
launching small military satellites by 2001.  Supposedly a 
government panel had been established to oversee such an effort, 
funded at US $ 500 M between 1993 and 2001, in anticipation of an  
expected pullout of U.S. intelligence-gathering systems from the 
Korean peninsula.       
   In conjunction with all of these reported efforts, South Korean 
is also pursuing production work either as off-sets to existing 
aerospace technology contracts (for example, McDonnell Douglas is 
offsetting production of some Delta parts to South Korean firms as 
part of the Koreasat launch contracts), or for production of 
consumer space items (among other products, South Korea exports 
satellite receiver television setups to Japan, and Samsung has 
announced teaming for production of OSC's Orbcomm user terminals.).  
   This looks like a very aggressive push into space technologies.  
Considering that East Asia is currently the fastest growing sector 
for commercial space services (primarily for telecommunications), a 
South Korean push into space technologies may change the composition 
of commercial space market there over the next decade.] 

13- SPACE TECHNOLOGY INDEXES THROUGH MARCH
   As announced in the last CSN/STI, each issue will give the 
results of stock indexes and portfolios regarding space stocks and 
investments.  The table below summarizes results to the end of 
March.  The Space Technology Index did quite a bit better than the 
market as a whole, as represented by the S&P 500 index.  Since 90+% 
of the values included in the index are US firms, this represents a 
general increase in the market value of space-related firms.  The 
increase in the first quarter is more than in all of 1992 -- which 
is a very promising sign, although future months may reverse this 
trend. The Commercial Space Technology Index has also done quite 
well, but the Pure Play portfolio -- consisting of stocks of firms 
which are pure plays in space technologies -- has also surpassed its 
results in all of 1993.  We'll keep an eye on these ....

   INDEX RESULTS THROUGH MARCH
                           Beginning  Beginning      1 Jan 93 to
                           1992       1993           31 Mar 1993
                           -------    --------       --------
   S&P 500                 416        436  (+4.7%)   452  (+3.7%)
   Space Tech Index        267        304 (+13.6%)   373 (+22.7%)
   Comm'l Space Tech Index 167        194 (+16.3%)   222 (+14.2%)
   Space Tech Pure Plays   147        169 (+15.4%)   197 (+16.2%)


FINAL NOTES - 
    What?  This column's already full?  And I still have bunches of 
commercial space developments to report on.  As I said at the start 
of this, column there's been a lot of interesting happenings - but 
I'll have to put them into the next issue.  
   Looking ahead, I've got several articles in the works on new 
happenings with Iridium and the LEO communications satellite market, 
more news on international launchers appearing (and disappearing) on 
the market, new international commercial space ventures,  and other 
interesting developments. 
   And as always, I hope you folks find this stuff useful and 
interesting -- Any and all comments are welcome. 


The last sentence is ironic, since so many readers of
soc.religion.christian seem to not be embarrassed by apologists such as
Josh McDowell and C.S. Lewis. The above also expresses a rather odd sense
of history. What makes you think the masses in Aquinas' day, who were
mostly illiterate, knew any more about rhetoric and logic than most people
today? If writings from the period seem elevated consider that only the
cream of the crop, so to speak, could read and write. If everyone in
the medieval period "knew the rules" it was a matter of uncritically
accepting what they were told.

Bill Mayne

The 68070 is a variation of the 68010 that was done a few years ago by
the European partners of Motorola. It has some integrated I/O controllers
and half a MMU, but otherwise it's a 68010. Think of it the same as
the 8086 and 80186 were.

		Burkhard Neidecker-Lutz
I'm interested in find out what is involved in processing pairs of 
stereo photographs.  I have black-and-white photos and would like 
to obtain surface contours.

I'd prefer to do the processing on an SGI, but would be interested
in hearing what software/hardware is used for this type of
image processing.

Please email and/or post to comp.sys.sgi.graphics your responses.

Thanks,
Does anyone know of any good shareware animation or paint software for an SGI
 machine?  I've exhausted everyplace on the net I can find and still don't hava
 a nice piece of software.

Thanks alot!

Chad






It may be that they just didn't mention it, or that they actually haven't 
thought about it.  I got the vague impression from their mission proposal
that they weren't taking a very holistic aproach to the whole thing.  They
seemed to want to land people on the Moon by the end of the decade without 
explaining why, or what they would do once they got there.  The only application
I remember from the Av Week article was placing a telescope on the Moon.  That's
great, but they don't explain why it can't be done robotically. 



But I'm a _member_.  Besides Bill, I hang out with you :) 


Ignorance is STRENGTH!

I don't meant to defend Eric Molas- I find it somewhat annoying when
someone pops up on alt.atheism to tell us all about his (usually
atheistic) beliefs, so I can certainly see how Christians might be
annoyed- but I'd like to point out a few things.


"no meaning from God" is not the same as "no meaning". From my (atheistic)
point of view, if you want meaning in your life, you get to go and
get some or make some.

No free gifts of meaning. (I never quite understood how any
God can just "give" your life meaning, actually. If he
says you exists to do or be X, that gives you a purpose
if you care to accept it, but is that the same thing? But
I digress...) 


This would truely be a miserably existance, which I doubt Eric
endures. Life can be enjoyable, so you can live it because you like
it, or purposefull, so you can live it to get something done. One should
endeavour to make it so, if it is not. Otherwise it would be as you say.
Terrible.


Probably true. Remeber he almost certainly sees that particular joy as
an illusion, and does not want it. So maybe it isn't so bad?


As an atheist, I am free to be a human person. I think, love, choose,
and create.


Ah, now here we begin to diverge. I will not live forever
with anyone.

(I don't think you will either, but you are welcome to your
opinion on the matter.)


I tend to agree with you.

It's my opinion that (unlike drugs) religions are normal
parts of human societies.

I think they have outlived their usefullness, but they
are evidently quite ordinary, normal things that haven't
proved lethal to humanity yet.


I have heard this claim quite a few times. Does anybody here know
who first came up with the "God-shaped hole" business?


You might want to provide some evidence next time you make a claim
like this.


I don't know Eric, but I do not think it is wise to assume he has a less
joy-filled and abundant life because he holds certain beliefs.

---
			- Dan Johnson
And God said "Jeeze, this is dull"... and it *WAS* dull. Genesis 0:0


Unfortunately, things have been boding ill (is that a legitimate conjugation?)
for a while.  While the Office of Exploration had some great ideas, they never
got much money.  I've heard good things about Griffin, but it's hard to want
him back in a job where he couldn't do anything.


The group examining the Freedom-based space station redesign proposals is 
headed by Michael Griffin, "NASA's cheif engineer" in the words of Space News.
I believe this is him.


Gamepro magazine published pictures a few months ago and Computer Chronicles
(a program that is syndicated to public tv stations around the nation) spent
several minutes on it when it was shown at CES.  It was very impressive what
it can do in real time.

John Munsch
DROPLET VOL 1, No 11, Part 3

D R O P L E T
From The Vast Ocean Of The Miraculous Qur'an

Translations from the Arabic and Turkish Writings of 
Bediuzzaman Said Nursi, The Risale-i Noor

VOL 1, No 11, Part 3
------------------------------------------------------------------
   		 NINETEENTH LETTER  

		 MU'JIZAT-I AHMEDIYE RISALESI 
A TREATISE ON THE MIRACLES OF MUHAMMED SAW, Part 3       

(continued from Droplet Vol 1, No 11, Part 2)

   THIRD SIGN:  The miracles of Muhammad (SAW)
are extremely varied.  Because his messengership is
universal, he has been distinguished by  miracles that
relate to almost all species of creation.
    Just as the supreme aide of a renowned ruler, arriving
with many gifts in a city where various people live, will be
welcomed by a representative of each people who
acclaims him and bids him welcome in his own language
so, too, when the supreme messenger of the Monarch of
Pre- and  Post-Eternity  (Ezel and Ebed  Sultani) honored the
universe by coming as an envoy to the inhabitants of the
earth, and brought with him the light of truth and spiritual
gifts sent by the Creator of the universe and derived from
the realities of the whole universe, each species of
creation -from water, rocks, trees, animals and human
beings to the moon, sun and stars- welcomed him and
acclaimed his prophethood, each in its own language, and
each bearing one of his miracles.
    Now it would require a voluminous work to mention all
his miracles.  As the punctilious scholars have written
many volumes concerning the proofs of His prophethood,
here we will briefly point out only the general category
into which fall fhe miracles that are definite and accepted
as accurate reports.
    The evidences of the prophethood of Muhammad
(SAW) fall into two main categories:  

    The first is called irhasat and includes the paranormal 
events that happened at the time of his birth, or before his 
declaration of prophethood.  

    The second group pertains to all the remaining evidences 
of the prophethood, and contains two subdivisions: 

    1) Those wonders that were manifested after
his departure from this world in order to confirm his
prophethood, and 
	2) Those that he exhibited during the era
of his prophethood.  The latter has also two parts:  
	2.1) The evidences of his prophethood that became manifest
in his own personality, his inner and outer being, his moral
conduct and perfection, and 
    2.2) The miracles that: related to substantial matters.  
The last part again has two branches:  
	2.2.1) Those concerning the Qur'an and spirituality, and 
	2.2.2) Those relating to matter and creation.  This last 
branch is again divided into two categories:  
	2.2.2.1) The first involves the paranormal happenings 
that occured during his mission either to break the 
stubbornness of the unbelievers, or to augment the
faith of the belivers.  This category has twenty different
sorts, such as the splitting of the moon, the flowing of
water from the fingers, the satisfying of large numbers with
a little food, and the speaking of trees, rocks and animals
Each of these sons has also many instances, and thus
has, in meaning, the strength of confirmation by
consensus.  
	2.2.2.2)  As for the second category, this
includes events lying in the future that occured as he had
predicted upon Allah (SWT)'s instructions.  Now starting
from the last category, we will summarize a list of them.(1)

(1) Unfonunately, I could not write as I had intended
without choice, I wrote as my head dictated, and I could
not completely conform to the order of this classification.

 > And the same goes for other cultural practices.  The festival
 > of Easter may possibly have some historical association with
 > some pagan festival, but *today* there are, as far as I know,
 > no Christians who *intend* to honor any kind of "pagan
 > goddess" by celebrating Easter.
SIGKIDS CALL FOR PARTICIPATION
SIGKids Research Showcase is where learning is hip.  Pushing the edge in
education, computer graphics, and new technologies, the SIGKids Research
Showcase will provide SIGGRAPH's attendees with the latest in applying
computer technology to form state of the art educational experiences.  So
hop to it!  Submit any works which converge the disciplines of education
and computer technology.

Possible categories and domains include but are NOT LIMITED to:

-Interactive/stand-alone applications
-Self-Run demonstrations and tutorials
-Museum Installations
-Groupware/Collaborative systems
-Hypermedia
-Virtual Reality
-Scientific Visualization
-Interactive Art
-Microworlds

Deadlines:

May 21, 1993 submissions due  


Submit to:

Diane Schwartz
SIGGRAPH '93 SIGKids Committee
c/o The Institute for the Learning Sciences
1890 Maple Avenue, Suite 150
Evanston, Illinois 60201
Fax:	708.491.5258
schwartz@ils.nwu.edu

Electronic Submission Form:
schwartz@ils.nwu.edu

How to Submit:
1. Fill out the 'Permission to Use' form (see page 19 of the SIGGRAPH '93
Call for Participation or send email to schwartz@ils.nwu.edu to have one
faxed to you.)

2. Fill out the SIGKids '93 Research Showcase Submission Form (below).

3. Send an abstract/description of the submission (approximately 100 words)
in one of the following ways:

    A. Send 3 hard copies to Diane Schwartz (via surface mail) at the above
       address
							                    OR
    B. Fax 1 copy to Diane Schwartz at (708)491-5258
                           OR
    C. Email 1 copy to Diane Schwartz at schwartz@ils.nwu.edu

4. If it is necessary to explain the project, additional support material
such as videotapes and slides that will assist the selection committee in
reaching a decision are highly reccommended. 

Fax and email submissions are acceptable.

PLEASE SEND ALL OF YOUR SUBMISSION MATERIAL IN THE SAME FORM (either
surface mail, email, or fax. The only exception to this should be the
additional support material which should only be sent via surface mail). 

NOTE: Due to our very limited budget, if the submitter chooses to have a
dedicated machine for their work, they will have to pay rental fees
for the hardware personally.

NOTE: Contributors outside for the United States should be aware of customs
and carrier delays and send submissions early.

______________________________________cut
here__________________________________

         ACM SIGGRAPH '93 SIGKIDS RESEARCH SHOWCASE ENTRY FORM


A copy of this form must accompany each proposal you submit.  Send SIGKids
Research Showcase Entries to:

Diane Schwartz
SIGGRAPH '93 SIGKids Committee
c/o The Institute for the Learning Sciences
1890 Maple Avenue, Suite 150
Evanston, Illinois 60201
Fax:	708.491.5258
schwartz@ils.nwu.edu

Please print legibly.

Contact Information: 
Name________________________________________________

Company______________________________________________

Address______________________________________________

City_________________________________________________

State_____________Postal code______________Country_________________ 

Daytime phone_____________________Evening phone____________________

Fax_____________________________Email______________________________

Additional Information:

Title or Theme of Piece__________________________________ 

Participant(s') name(s)___________________________________

Collaborator(s') name(s)__________________________________ 

Hardware (platform and periferals):

1. What is
needed:_____________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

2. Supplied by Participant:

		___ Yes  ___ No

	3. Dedicated machine?

		___ Yes  ___ No

NOTE:  Due to our very limited budget the participant must pay the rental
fees for any dedicated hardware.

___Need assistance
(specify)____________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________


Software________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

Statement - Please tell us the significance of the work.
(less than 50 words)
________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

Medium:

___Other (describe - i.e. virtual reality, virtual sculpture, interactive
multimedia installation,
etc.)__________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________


Special Requirements:

Physical
description____________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

Power___________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

Dimensions______________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

Other__________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________

Authorization

Permission to use visual and audio:  In the event that materials used in my
ACM SIGGRAPH'93 SIGKids Research Showcase Entry contain the work of other
individuals or organizations (including any copyrighted musical
compositions or excerpts thereof), I understand that it is my
responsibility to secure any necessary permissions and/or liscenses.  

	___Yes ___No  My piece contains images, audio, or video components.
               If yes:
	              ___Yes ___No  I have the necessary rights and/or permissions
to
                             use the images, audio, or video components in
my
                             piece.

Conference presentation release:  By signing this form, I grant SIGGRAPH'93
permission to consider my piece for the SIGKids Research Showcase.  I
maintain the copyright to my work and will receive full credit wherever
this work is used.

Conference promotional material:  I grant ACM SIGGRAPH the right to use my
slides for conference and organization publicity, both now and in the
future.  This includes usage on posters, brochures, catalogs, promotional
items, or media broadcast. In exchange, SIGGRAPH provides full
author/artist credit information on all promotional material.

___Yes ___No  I grant ACM SIGGRAPH permission to use slides of my work
              for conference and organization publicity.

Signature______________________________________Date_________

ACM SIGGRAPH makes every attempt to respect and protect intellectual 
property rights of people and organizations preparing material for 
SIGGRAPH conferences. This entry form explains the uses SIGGRAPH will 
make of the material and requires you to acknowledge that you have 
permission to use this material.  This may involve seeking clearance from 
your employer or from others who have loaned you material, such as 
videotapes and slides.  This form helps prevent situations whereby 
SIGGRAPH'93 presentations include material without permission that 
might lead to complaints or even legal action.



Actually, that is no longer true. In the last few years Congress has
ammended laws to provide whatever is needed. Note that both Spacehab
and Comet are funded this way.

The problems aren't legal nor technical. The problem is NASA's culture.

  Allen


For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister
and mother." 
Read Issue #2 of Wired Magazine.  It has a long article on the "hype" of
3DO.  I've noticed that every article talks with the designers and how
"great" it is, but never show any pictures of the output (or at least
pictures that one can understand)









Well, I thought it must have been a joke, but I don't get the 
joke in the name. Read it aloud? David MACaloon. David MacALLoon.
David macalOON. I don't geddit.
i have a question for you all related to this.  jesus condemns divorce
several times in the new testament, and i have a hard time with this.
the catholic church (as far as i can tell) does grant annulments with
the statement that the marriage never really existed in God's eyes.
(please, if i am mistinterpreting, correct me.)  however, i have
witnessed marriages where two people were very much in love but
recognized that they were destroying themselves and each other by
staying in a marriage, and that the problems were due to personal
childhood issues that had never been resolved.  i ask you, is divorce
justified in such a case?  they knew who they were, what they were
doing, they were deeply in love, but in the end, it did not work out.
i must admit that i don't see jesus forcing them to live together, or
even condemning that they go and seek happiness with someone else
later on.  opinions?

vera
*******************************************************************************
I am your CLOCK!     |  I bind unto myself today    | Vera Noyes
I am your religion!  |  the strong name of the	    | noye@midway.uchicago.edu
I own you!	     |  Trinity....		    | no disclaimer -- what
	- Lard	     |	- St. Patrick's Breastplate | is there to disclaim?
*******************************************************************************

#Rick Anderson replied to my letter with...
#
#ra> In article <C5ELp2.L0C@acsu.buffalo.edu>,
#ra>

(...)

# Just briefly, on something that you mentioned in passing. You refer to
# differing interpretations of "create," and say that many Christians may
# not agree. So what? That is really irrelevant. We do not base our faith
# on how many people think one way or another, do we? The bottom line is
# truth, regardless of popularity of opinions.

It may be "irrelevant" to you and *your* personal beliefs (or should I say
"bias"?), but it is relevant to me and many others.  You're right, "the
bottom line IS truth," independant from you or anyone else.  Since you
proclaim "truths" as a self-proclaimed appointee, may I ask you by what
authority you do this?  Because "it says so in the Bible?"  --Does the
Bible "say so," or is it YOU, or someone else, who interprets whether a
scripture or doctrine conforms to your particular liking or "disapproval"?

Excuse moi, but your line of "truths" haven't moved me one bit to persuade
me that my beliefs are erroneous.  Of all the "preachers" of "truth" on
this net, you have struck me as a self-righteous member of the wrecking
crew, with no positive message to me or other latter-day saints whatsoever.
BTW, this entire discussion reminds me a lot of the things said by Jesus
to the pharisees: "ye hypocrite(s) . . . ye preach about me with your lips,
but your hearts are far removed from me..."

# Also, I find it rather strange that in trying to persuade that created
# and eternally existent are equivalent, you say "granted the Mormon
# belief..." You can't grant your conclusion and then expect the point to
# have been addressed. In order to reply to the issue, you have to address
# and answer the point that was raised, and not just jump to the
# conclusion that you grant.

Sophistry.  Look who's talking: "jumping to conclusions?"  You wouldn't do
that yourself, right?  All YOU address is your own convictions, regardless
whether we come up with any Biblical scriptures which supports our points
of view, because you reject such interpretations without any consideration
whatsoever.

#
# The Bible states that Lucifer was created.  The Bible states that Jesus
# is the creator of all. The contradiction that we have is that the LDS
# belief is that Jesus and Lucifer were the same.

A beautiful example of disinformation and a deliberate misrepresentation
of lds doctrine.  The former KGB would have loved to employ you.
Jesus and lucifer are not "the same," silly, and you know it.

(...)

# The Mormon belief is that all are children of God. Literally. There is
# nothing symbolic about it. This however, contradicts what the Bible
# says. The Bible teaches that not everyone is a child of God:

Correction: it may contradict would YOU think the Bible says.  The Bible
indeed does teach that not all are children of God in the sense that they
"belong to" or follow God in His footsteps.  Satan and his followers have
rebelled against God, and are not "children (=followers/redeemed) of God,"
but it doesn't mean that they were not once created by God, but chose to
separate themselves from those who chose to follow God and His plan of
salvation.

#
#        The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the
#        kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked "one";
#        (Matthew 13:38)

kingdom are those who have remained valiant in their testimony of Jesus
(and have shown "works of repentance, etc.), and the children of the
wicked one are those who rebelled against God and the lamb.  The issue
of satan's spirit-offspring (and those who followed him) has not been
addressed in this and other verses you copied from your Bible.  You
purposefully obscured the subject by swamping your "right" with non-
related scriptures.

(...lots of nice scriptures deleted (NOT Robert W. copyrighted) though...)

#ra> > We are told that, "And this is life eternal, that they might know
#ra> > thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."
#ra> > (John 17:3). Life eternal is to know the only true God. Yet the
#ra> > doctrines of the LDS that I have mentioned portray a vastly
#ra> > different Jesus, a Jesus that cannot be reconciled with the Jesus of
#ra> > the Bible. They are so far removed from each other that to proclaim

Correction: "my" Jesus is indeed different than your Jesus, and CAN be
reconciled with the Jesus in the Bible.  --Not your interpretation of Him,
I concur, but I honestly couldn't care less.

#ra> > one as being true denies the other from being true. According to the
#ra> > Bible, eternal life is dependent on knowing the only true God, and
#ra> > not the construct of imagination.

In this single posting of yours, I've seen more "constructs of imagination"
than in all of the pro-lds mails combined I have read so far in this news
group.  First get your lds-facts straight before you dare preaching to us
about "the only true God," whom you interpret according to your own likes
and dislikes, but whose image I cannot reconcile with what I know about
Him myself.  I guess your grandiose self-image does not allow for other
faiths, believing in the divinity of Jesus Christ, but in a different
way or fashion than your own.  Not that it really matters, the mission
and progress of the lds church will go on, boldly and nobly, and no mob
or opponent can stop the work from progressing, until it has visited
every continent, swept every clime, and sounded in every ear.

#  This is really a red herring. It doesn't address any issue raised, but
#  rather, it seeks to obfuscate. The fact that some groups try to read
#  something into the Bible, doesn't change what the Bible teaches.

Sigh.  "What the Bible teaches"?  Or: "what the bible teaches according to
Robert Weiss and co.?"  I respect the former, I reject the latter without
the remotest feeling that I have rejected Jesus.  On the contrary.  And by
the way, I do respect your interpretations of the Bible, I even grant you
being a Christian (following your own image of Him), as much as I am a
Christian (following my own image of Him in my heart).

(...)

#  Most of the other replies have instead hop-scotched to the issue of
#  Bruce McConkie and whether his views were 'official doctrine.' I don't
#  think that it matters if McConkie's views were canon. That is not the
#  issue.  Were McConkie's writings indicative of Mormon belief on this
#  subject is the real issue. The indication from Rick is that they may
#  certainly be.

The issue is, of course, that you love to use anything to either mis-
represent or ridicule the lds church.  The issue of "official doctrine"
is obviously very important.  McConkie's views have been controversial
(e.g. "The Seven Deadly Heresies" has made me a heretic!  ;-) at best,
or erroneous at worst ("blacks not to receive the priesthood in this
dispensation").  I respect him as someone who has made his valuable
contribution to the church, but I personally do NOT rely on his personal
interpretations (his book "Mormon Doctrine" is oftentimes referred to
as "McConkie's Bible" in mormon circles) on mormon doctrine.  I rather
look to official (doctrinal) sources, and... to Hugh Nibley's books!
(The last comment is an lds-insider reference.)  Summarizing: McConkie
was a wise man who contributed undoubtedly far more to the kingdom of
God than I have, but whose views are by no means dogma or accepted
doctrine, some of it clearly belongs to personal interpretation and
speculation.  But having said this, I find McConkie (even in his most
biased and speculative moments) far more thought-provoking than the
trash coming from your proverbial pen.  I'm somewhat appalled that I have
allowed myself to sink as low as you in this posting...

=============================
Robert Weiss
psyrobtw@ubvms.cc.buffalo.edu


So it was a complete non-sequitur, is that it?     How does coming
up with a derisory deal tell us anything about the existence of
"objective" values.

You're asking us to accept that the deal you offered would be turned
down, and we believe that, not because we appeal to objective values
but becasue we know, or think we know, something about people.

All the people we know exhibit *subjective* values that would lead
them to reject a deal of $1 for all of the land in America.

Great.   Now, so what?

Sure.  Contact the World Space Foundation.  They're listed in the sci.space
Frequently Asked Questions file, which I'll excerpt.

    WORLD SPACE FOUNDATION - has been designing and building a solar-sail
    spacecraft for longer than any similar group; many JPL employees lend
    their talents to this project. WSF also provides partial funding for the
    Palomar Sky Survey, an extremely successful search for near-Earth
    asteroids. Publishes *Foundation News* and *Foundation Astronautics
    Notebook*, each a quarterly 4-8 page newsletter. Contributing Associate,
    minimum of $15/year (but more money always welcome to support projects).

	World Space Foundation
	Post Office Box Y
	South Pasadena, California 91301

WSF put together a little paperback anthology of fiction and
nonfiction about solar sails: *Project Solar Sail*.  I think Robert
Staehle, David Brin,  or Arthur Clarke may be listed as editor.

Also there is a nontechnical book on solar sailing by Louis Friedman,
a technical one by a guy whose name escapes me (help me out, Josh),
and I would expect that Greg Matloff and Eugene Mallove have something
to say about the subject in *The Starflight Handbook*, as well as
quite a few references.


Check the following articles in *Journal of the British Interplanetary
Society*:

V36 p. 201-209 (1983)
V36 p. 483-489 (1983)
V37 p. 135-141 (1984)
V37 p. 491-494 (1984)
V38 p. 113-119 (1984)
V38 p. 133-136 (1984)

(Can you guess that Matloff visited Fermilab and gave me a bunch of
reprints? I just found the file.)

And K. Eric Drexler's paper "High Performance Solar Sails and Related
Reflecting Devices," AIAA paper 79-1418, probably in a book called
*Space Manufacturing*, maybe the proceedings of the Second (?)
Conference on Space Manufacturing.  The 1979 one, at any rate.

Darren> In an earlier article, I explained that what many people find
Darren> arrogant about Christians is that some Christians profess
Darren> absolute certainty about their beliefs and doctrines.

and

Darren> In short, the problem is that no matter how good your sources
Darren> are, if any part of your doctrines or beliefs rest on your own
Darren> thinking and reasoning, then those doctrines are suspect.

The point that Darren raises is a very Lutheran viewpoint.  
While reason is a gift from God, it is also infected by sin.
Yet we do not reject reason entirely--and neither, I think, 
does Darren.  We need reason, as Darren himself has pointed
out, to comprehend God's revelation of himself in the Bible.
But reason alone is not sufficient to comprehend and believe
the Word.  We need, first and foremost, faith.  For "the sinful
mind is hostile to God.  It does not submit to God's law,
*nor can it do so*"  (Romans 8:7).

Luther accepted Scripture as the sole means of revelation
("Sola Scriptura"), but accepted the necessity of the use
of reason (with faith) in comprehending that revelation.
Yet Luther also said, regarding baptism, "But mad reason
rushes forth, and, because Baptism is not dazzling like
the works which we do, regards it as worthless." (Large
Catechism, Fourth part, Baptism).  To make matters more
complicated, Luther was the sort of theologian that many 
people would describe as an `absolutist'.  I've seen him 
described as a `take no prisoners' theologian.

We might conclude, given these observations, that Luther
was inconsistent or mad.  And surely at least some have
come to that conclusion.  But it might be useful to
recall that Jesus was also called mad.  And Peter felt
compelled to defend himself and the apostles against
a charge of drunkenness on Pentecost.  So we as Christians
ought to be careful about rejecting Luther (or others) 
as mad.  Rather, we should imitate the Bereans, who
examined the Scriptures every day to see if what Paul
said was true (Acts 17:11).

The basis for the confidence with which Luther, Peter, Paul, and many
others preached the gospel was not just reason, but faith and the Holy
Spirit.  This is not faith divorced from reason, but a faith that
guides, informs, and uses reason.  The Spirit enables us to know the
truth and to proclaim it boldly.  God does not want us to preach the
message that "I think that Jesus might have risen from the dead" but
rather "I know that my redeemer lives!"  (Job 19:25).  The Christian
does not side with Pilate in saying "What is truth?" but rather
follows Christ, who said, "In fact, for this reason I was born, and
for this I came into the world, to testify to the truth.  Everyone on
the side of truth listens to me" (John 18:37).

We can know the truth because God has promised us that we can
know the truth.  Jesus said, "If you hold to my teachings,
you are really my disciples.  Then you will know the truth,
and the truth will set you free" (John 8:31,32).  The Proverbs
urge us "Buy the truth, and do not sell it." (Pr 23:23).
The Psalmist prayed "Do not snatch to word of truth from my mouth"
(Ps 119:43).  Evidently he believed that the word of truth
was in fact `in his mouth'.  

Yet we do indeed appear arrogant if our claim to the truth
is motivated by self-glorification.  But if we present the
truth as the teachings of Scripture, revealed by the 
Spirit, and not our own invention, and if we stand ready
to be proved wrong on the basis of Scripture, as Luther
did, then we are not arrogant, but humble.  We should humbly
trust in God's promise of truth, just as we trust in his
promise of forgiveness.

REXLEX> It is only because of God's own revelation that we can be 
REXLEX> absolute about a thing.

Darren> But how far does that get you?  Once God's revelation stops,
Darren> and your own reasoning begins, possibility for error appears.

I agree that we must make a distinction between the clear teachings
of Scripture, and the products of our own reason--even when such
reasoning is based on Scripture.  However I think I would draw
the line of distinction more `reasonably'  :-)  and less `academically'
than you would.

Darren> For example, let's suppose that our modern Bible translations
Darren> include a perfect rendering of Jesus words at the Last Supper,
Darren> and that Jesus said, exactly, "This is my body."

Darren> We'll presume that what he said was totally without error and
Darren> absolutely true.  What can we be certain of?  Not much.

Darren> At the moment he stops speaking, and people start
Darren> interpreting, the possibility of error appears.  Did he mean
Darren> that literally or not?  We do not have any record that he
Darren> elaborated on the words.  Was he thinking of Tran- or Con-
Darren> substantiation?  He didn't say. 

Darren is almost at the point of making a very Lutheran statement
about the Lord's supper.  The Lutheran approach is to say
that if Jesus said, "This is my body," then that is what we
should believe.  Other interpretations are rejected simply because
they are not taught in Scripture.

Recall that Jesus' words do not stand alone on this subject.  We also
have Paul's words in 1 Corinthians 11:17-34,--in which he passed on to
us, what he received from the Lord.  In particular he said, "For
whenever you eat this bread and drink this cup, you proclaim the
Lord's death until he comes."  By these words we should believe that
the bread that we eat in the Lord's Supper really is bread (as well as
the Lord's body)--as our senses in fact tell us.  Does this *prove*
that tran-substantiation is false?  I suppose someone could say that
Paul spoke metaphorically of the Lord's body as bread, simply because
that is the way the body appears when we eat it.  But this thought is
found nowhere in Scripture.  So we reject it.  Thus the primary
reason for rejecting tran-substantiation is not that we can
prove it false, but that it is simply not found in Scripture.

[side remark]
I've been told that the Lutheran doctrine on real presence is
con-substantiation.  But it has been non-Lutherans who have told
me this.  We tend not to use the word.  I almost think that this
is used more by professors of comparative religion, who need labels
to compare Catholic, Lutheran and Reformed teachings on the Lord's
Supper.  But almost every church wants to call their own teaching
"real presence" because that was the traditional teaching of 
the church.
[end side remark]

Darren> When Christians speak as if they believe their own reasoning
Darren> can never lead them astray -- when we implicitly claim that we
Darren> are infallible -- the non- Christians around us rarely believe
Darren> that implicit claim.  Witnessing is hardly going to work when
Darren> the person you are talking to believes that you are either too
Darren> foolish to recognise your own limits, or intentionally trying
Darren> to cover them up.

This is precisely why Christians should not rely on rationalizations
in their witnessing.  It is far better to take the approach,
"I'd like to show you what Scripture says.  You decide for 
yourself whether to believe it or not."

Darren> `REXLEX' suggested that people read _He is There and He is Not
Darren> Silent_, by Francis Schaeffer.  I didn't think very highly of
Darren> it, but I think that Mr Schaeffer is grossly overrated by many
Darren> Evangelical Christians.  Somebody else might like it, though,
Darren> so don't let my opinion stop you from reading it.

Darren> If someone is interested in my opinion, I'd suggest _On
Darren> Certainty_, by Ludwig Wittgenstein.

As long as we're trading references, I'd like to suggest Dr. Siegbert
Becker's paperback, "The Foolishness of God: The place of reason
in Lutheran theology," published by Northwestern Publishing House.
This book was based on Becker's doctoral thesis at the University
of Chicago.
: Concerning the proposed newsgroup split, I personally am not in favor of
: doing this.  I learn an awful lot about all aspects of graphics by reading
: this group, from code to hardware to algorithms.  I just think making 5
: different groups out of this is a wate, and will only result in a few posts
: a week per group.  I kind of like the convenience of having one big forum
: for discussing all aspects of graphics.  Anyone else feel this way?
: Just curious.


: Daemon

What he said...

-- 
   >Does anyone know how to size cold gas roll control thruster tanks
   >for sounding rockets?

   Well, first you work out how much cold gas you need, then make the
   tanks big enough.

Our sounding rocket payload, with telemetry, guidance, etc. etc. and a
telescope cluster, weighs around 1100 pounds.  It uses freon jets for
steering and a pulse-width-modulated controller for alignment (ie
during our eight minutes in space, the jets are pretty much
continuously firing on a ~10% duty cycle or so...).  The jets also
need to kill residual angular momentum from the spin stabilization, and
flip the payload around to look at the Sun.

We have two freon tanks, each holding ~5 liters of freon (I'm speaking
only from memory of the last flight).  The ground crew at WSMR choose how
much freon to use based on some black-magic algorithm.  They have
extra tank modules that just bolt into the payload stack.

This should give you an idea of the order of magnitude for cold gas 
quantity.  If you really need to know, send me email and I'll try to get you
in touch with our ground crew people.

Cheers,
Craig


<Moral Driver distinctions deleted>


Compare the Driver to an urge such as Jealousy, where there is an urge
and an "object". The jealousy does not technically exist until the object
is apparent. However, the capacity to be jealous is presumably still there
even though it is not detectable.

Your description of the Unbilical took me three passes to understand (!) but
I get the gist and I have to tentatively agree. I think our two definitions
can sit side by side without too much trouble, though. I haven't attempted to
define the reason behind the Moral Driver (only hinted through the essence of
each Moral). Your definition hints that animals are also capable of a
similar morality - Simians have a similar Social Order to ourselves and it is
easy to anthropomorphize with these animals. Is this possible or have I
misunderstood?


My p.s. thoughts falls roughly in line with John Stuart Mill and
his writings on Utilitarianism. I have no particular plan (except to do
my bit - personal ethics AND social work). My opinion (for what it is worth)
is that the Authority for each Moral must be increased somehow, and that this
will probably take several generations to be effective. I don't think that the
list of Morals has changed for Society significantly, though . The Authority element
may come from our authority figures and roles models (see Eric Berne and his
transactional analysis work [+ Mavis Klein] for references) and this is what
gives rise to a deterioration of moral standards in the long term.

I've had some more thoughts on my definitions:

I've was thinking that I should add Moral Character to the list of definitions
in order to get a dynamic version of the Moral Nature (ie. the interplay of
the Moral Code and associated Authorities). A suitable analogy might be a
graphic equaliser on a HiFi system - the Moral Nature being the set of
frequencies and the chosen 'amplitudes', and the Moral Character being the
spectrum over time.

Conscience is a little more difficult because I can't define it as the
reasoning of a person between actions in the context of his Moral Nature
because Conscience seems to cut in most of the time unbidden and often
unwanted. I think Conscience is manifest when a decision is made at a given
time which compromises one's Moral Nature. My Conscience fits in more with
Freud's SuperEgo (plus the Moral Driver) with the stimulous being the
urges or Freud's Id. The reasoning that I mentioned before is Freud's Ego,
I suppose. If the Moral Driver is part of the Id then the reason why
Conscience cuts in unbidden is partially explained. The question is "what
provides the stimulous to activate the Moral driver?". I think I need some
more time with this one.

That's about it for now!

David.

---
On religion:

Actually, an apostle is someone who is sent.  If you will, mailmen could
be called apostles in that sense.  However, with Jesus, they were
designated and were given power.  Remember that there were many
thousands of people who witnessed what Jesus did.  That didn't make them
apostles, though.


And yet, Jayne,  as we read the Gospels and in particular the topics that Jesus
himself spoke on, Hell figures in a large % of the time -certainly more than
heaven itself.  Paul, as we learn in I Thess, taught new believers and new
churches eschatology and did not hesitate to teach hell and damnation.  Rev,
chapter 20:11-15 is very specific and cannot be allegorized.  I think the word
"throne" is used 45 times in Rev and that the unbelieving come to receive the
assignment of the severity of judgement, for in John 3 we read that they are
already judged.  Rom 3 speaks that every mouth will be shut.  There is no
recourse, excuse or defense.

Yes I agree with you.  Life is often like a pendulum where it swings to
extremes before stopping at "moderation."  I think we have seen the extreme of
the "hell fire & brimstone" preacher, but also we have seen the other extreme
where hell not talked about at all for fear of offending someones
sensibilities.

I forget who founded the Word of Life Ministries, but I remember him telling a
story.  He was in a small town hardware store and some how a man got to the
point of telling him that he didn't believe in Satan or hell.  He believed
everybody was going to heaven.  It was at this point that the man was asked to
pray to God that He would send his children to hell!  Of course the man
wouldn't do it.  But the point was made.  Many people say they don't believe in
hell but they are not willing to really place their faith in that it doesn't
exist.  If this man had, he would of prayed the prayer because hell didn't
exist and there would have been no fear in having his prayer answered.  And
yet, they walk as if they believe they will never be sent there.

I'd use a different illustration however.  I have to include myself in it. 
When I watch, say a Basketball (go Bulls!) game, and I see a blatant foul that
isn't called, oi vey!.  What's with that ref that he didn't make that call. 
It's unfair.  And just so in life, righteousness demands payment.  As the
surgeon takes knife in hand to cut the cancer away, so God cuts off that which
is still of the old creation.  We must preach the Gospel in all its richness
which includes the fact that if you reject The Way and The Truth and The Life,
then broad is the way to distruction.


I think I would fall in there somewhere.  Actually it was both.  After all,
repentance isn't only a turning towards, but also a turning away from!
No, again, if Jesus used it in His ministry then I can surely see that we
should do it also.  In love, of course, but in truth most assuredly.  

I have thought about writing something on this topic, but not now and here.  I
would say that there are some good reasons for its existence and its
eternality.

1) God is Light.  Yes He is love, but His love has the boundary of Holiness.
2) Dignity of Man.  Either a man is a robot or he is a responsible creature.
   If responsible, then he is also accountable.
3) The awfulness of sin.  Today we have a poor, poor concept of sin & God.
4) Christ.  He was willing to die and go there Himself to offer an avenue to
   the "whosoever will."

: 3DO is still a concept.
: The software is what sells and what will determine its
: success.


Apparantly you dont keep up on the news.  3DO was shown
at CES to developers and others at private showings.  Over
300 software licensees currently developing software for it.
Sorry for the repeat of this request, but does anyone know of a good
free/shareware program with which I can create ray-traces and save
them as bit-mapped files?  (Of course if there is such a thing =)

Thanks in advance
You forget that Apollo was a Government program and had to start 
relatively from scratch. Some people at NASA think that this could work. 
One of them replied to me personally after I posted this original message 
several days ago. I have heard Jerry Pournelle suggest this idea before.


Another issue of importance.  Was the crucification the will of God or
a tragic mistake.  I believe it was a tragic mistake.  God's will can
never be accomplished through the disbelief of man.  Jesus came to
this world to build the kingdom of heaven on the earth.  He
desperately wanted the Jewish people to accept him as the Messiah.  If
the crucification was the will of God how could Jesus pray that this
cup pass from him.  Was this out of weakness.  NEVER.  Many men and
women have given their lives for their country or other noble causes.
Is Jesus less than these.  No he is not.  He knew the crucification
was NOT the will of GOD.  God's will was that the Jewish people accept
Jesus as the Messiah and that the kingdom of Heaven be established on
the earth with Jesus as it's head. (Just like the Jewish people
expected). If this had happened 2000 years ago can you imagine what
kind of world we would live in today.  It would be a very different
world.  And that is eactly what GOD wanted.  Men and women of that age
could have been saved by following the living Messiah while he was on
the earth.  Jesus could have established a sinless lineage that would
have continued his reign after his ascension to the spiritual world to
live with GOD.  Now the kingdom of heaven on the earth will have to
wait for Christ's return.  But when he returns will he be recognized
and will he find faith on this earth.  Isn't it about time for his
return.  It's been almost 2000 years.

Mike



And the two simplest refutations are these:

(1)  What impact?  The only record of impact comes from the New Testament.
I have no guarantee that its books are in the least accurate, and that
the recorded "impact" actually happened.  I find it interesting that no other
contemporary source records an eclipse, an earthquake, a temple curtain
being torn, etc.  The earliest written claim we have of Jesus' resurrection
is from the Pauline epistles, none of which were written sooner than 20 years
after the supposed event.

(2)  It seems probable that no one displayed the body of Jesus because no
one knew where it was.  I personally believe that the most likely
explanation was that the body was stolen (by disciples, or by graverobbers).
Don't bother with the point about the guards ... it only appears in one
gospel, and seems like exactly the sort of thing early Christians might make
up in order to counter the grave-robbing charge.  The New Testament does
record that Jews believed the body had been stolen.  If there were really
guards, they could not have effectively made this claim, as they did.
 

Always existing and being the source of the existence of all other beings
is not problematic.

But, as you put, Being the source of "all" existence, including one's own,
would mean that God came from nothing, a concept alien to Christianity and
Theism.  It is better to understand the classical concepts of Necessary and
Contingent existence.  God exists necessarily, always.  God created
contingent beings.  This is a coherent solution to existence, so long as
the concept of God is coherent.
 

Not a very good answer.  If reason cannot by any means understand something
then it is likely that "it" is a null concept, something not in reality.

 

Good point.  The New Testament does not quote Ezra, Nehemiah, Esther,
Ruth, Job, Ecclesiastes, or Song of Songs, just as it does not quote
from the Deuterocanon.  But if the non-quotation of the former does not
disqualify them, neither does the non-quotation of the later.  And the
Wisodm of Solomon was quite clearly an influence on St. Paul, especially
in the letter to the Romans (cf especially Romans 1.18-32 and Wisdom
13-14).

[stuff deleted]

 
True.  Not all accepted them as Scripture, though niether were all the
books of the New Testament so accepted, which puts to the lie the whole
argument of the books being excluded because they were debated and not
universally accepted.  Hebrews, the Apocalypse, 2 Peter, Esther, and
others were debated at various times, but eventually retained.  As for
the Codexes you mention, both Vaticanus and Sinaitcus include the
Deuterocanon, bothe of the New and Old Testaments, and Vaticanus (I
think) inlcudes 1 Clement, the Shepard of Hermas, and the Epistle of
Baranabas.  As for the Muratorian Canon, it deals with the New Testament
only, though it is very valuable in its witness to those books.



	You're not wrong!  It is a `tradition of men' to exlcude them, as I
will explain below.

"That nothing be read in the Church under the nmae of Divine Scripture,
except the canonical Scriptures, and the canoncial Scriptures are -
Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy, Joshua, Judges, Ruth,
Four books of Kingdoms [being 1&2 Samuel and 1&2 Kings], Two books of
Paralpomenon [being 1&2 Chronicles], Job, the Psalter of David, the Five
books of Solomon [being Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, Song of Songs, Wisdom of
Solomon, and [misatributed to him] the Wisdom of Jesus son of Sirach],
The books of the Twelve (Minor) Prophets, Isaiah, Jeremiah [being
Jeremiah, the Lamentations, Baruch, and the Letter, all of which were
formerly counted as one], Ezekiel, Daniel, Tobit, Judith, Esther, Two
books of Ezra [being Ezra and Nehemiah], Two books of Maccabees.  And of
the New Testament: Four books of the Gospel, One book of the Acts of the
Apostles, Thirteen letters of Paul the Apostle, One Letter of the same
to the Hebrews, two of Peter the Apostle, Three of John, One of the
Apostle Jude, One of the Apostle James, One book of the Apocalypse of
John."
	-Council of Hippo, Statute 36, (393 AD)

	This same list was promulgated again at the Third Council of Carthage
(397 AD), and at the Sixth Council of Carthage (419 AD) - at which
council the same list was enumerated with the words "Because we have
recieved from the Fathers that these are the books to be read in the
Church."  Which ought to quiet those who assert "in the name of Holy
Scripture we do understand those books of whose authority there was
never any doubt in the Church," as the Episcopal Church does in removing
the Deuterocanon from the realm of Scripture.  (Though the Episcopalians
hold them in high regard and read them in the Church, they are not
counted as Scripture by them, and may not be used to prove dogma.  The
Lutherans hold out similarly.)
	Earlier mention of the so-called Apocrypha as divine scripture can also
be found, and below I inlcude only a portion of the quotes calling it
divine scripture that could be found among the writings of the Fathers.

"And this is the reason why the Law of the old Testament is reckoned as
consisting of twenty-two books: so that they may correspond to the
number of letters [in the Hebrew alphabet].... It is to be noted also
that by adding to these Tobias and Judith, there are twenty-four books,
corresponding to the number of letters used by the Greeks."
	-St. Hillary of Poitiers, "Commentaries on the Psalms," prologue, 15 (365 AD)

"The twenty-two books according to the Hebrews are .... Jeremiah, with
Lamentations and the Letter, reckoned as one .... and [also] there is
Maccabees."
	-Origen, "Commentaries on the Psalms," Psalm 1 (245 AD)

"Divine Scripture, addressing itself to those who love themselves and to
the boastful .... says most excellently [Baruch 3.16-19 follows]."
	-St. Clement of Alexandria, "The Instuctor of Children," 2, 3, 36, 3, (203 AD)

"....I learned accurately the books of the Old Testament ... Proverbs of
Solomon, and also Wisdom ..."
	-St. Melito of Sardes, fragment found in Eusebius' "History of the
Church," and dating from crica 177 AD, Book 4, 26, 14

"It is likewise decreed: Now, indeed, we must treat of the divine
Scriptures: what the universal Catholic Church accepts and what she must
shun.  The list of the Old Testament .... Wisdom, one book;
Ecclesiasticus, one book .... Tobit, one book .... Judith, one book; of
Maccabees, two books."
	-St. Damasus I, Pope, "The Decree of Damsus," section 2 (382 AD)
I'm looking for any information on detecting and/or calculating a double
point and/or cusp in a bezier curve.

An algorithm, literature reference or mail about this is very appreciated,
Has ANYONE who has ordered the new PC version of Imagine ACTUALLY recieved
it yet?   I'm just about ready to order but reading posts about people still
awaiting delivery are making me a little paranoid.  Has anyone actually 
held this piece of software in their own hands?

Later,



Depends. If you assume the existance of a working SSTO like DC, on billion
$$ would be enough to put about a quarter million pounds of stuff on the
moon. If some of that mass went to send equipment to make LOX for the
transfer vehicle, you could send a lot more. Either way, its a lot
more than needed.

This prize isn't big enough to warrent developing a SSTO, but it is
enough to do it if the vehicle exists.

  Allen



No matter how "absurd" it is to suggest that a common moral system created by
mankind is absolute, it is not contrary to reason to suggest that a common
moral system created by mankind is sensible. In fact, for the Bible to be of
any use to mankind as a moral code, it must be interpreted by mankind and a
workable moral system created for everyday use.

The Jewish Talmud is the result of centuries of Biblical scholars analysing
every word of the Torah to understand the morality behind it. The Children of
Israel were given a very strict set of Moral, Civil, Judicial and Ceremonial
Laws to follow and yet this was clearly not enough to cover every instance
of moral dilemma in their Society. For a Christian, the situation is no better.

It seems to me that the only code of morality that we have from the Judeo-
Christian God is that which is contained in the Bible (which we can see from
the diverse opinions in the Christian newsgroups is not clear). There may well
be an absolute morality defined by the Judeo-Christian God for mankind to
follow but it seems that we only have a subset simply because the concept was
written down by man.

This leads to the problem of defining morality for our society. If we take the
divine Morality then we have a code of practice which may be interpreted in many
different ways (as an example, consider the immolation of heretics in the
fifteenth century and the interpretation of the Bible which allows a man to do
that to another man under the precept to administer Justice). If we take an
agnostic Morality then we have a code of practice that can be modified to suit
society (with all the danger that this implies). Alternatively, we could take
the basis of the Judeo-Christian morality and interpret/extend this to create
and justify a code of morality which suits the society we live in and enables
the people to live Righteously (as many Christian and Non-Christian philosophers
have done).

Whatever the driving force behind the definition of morality for our society, I
think the important aspect is the result.

David.

---
On religion:
Just to remark that I have heard that David Koresh has risen from 
the dead.  I dont know if it is true or not, but this is what I have
been told.  What do you guys think?



	The quick answer:  Revelation 12:7-9

	"And there was war in heaven.  Michael and his angels fought against
	the dragon and his angels who fought back.  But he [the dragon] was
	not strong enough, and they lost their place in heaven.  The great
	dragon was hurled down--that ancient serpent, called the devil and
	Satan, who leads the whole world astray.  He was hurled down to the
	earth, and his angels with him."

	The earlier part of chapter 12 deals (very symbolically) with why
	Satan rose up in battle against Michael and the good angels in the
	first place.

	I wish to echo what D. Andrew Kille wrote.  I know of no published form
in English of the D-type recension of "Acts".  Of course, Bezae is quite bizarre
in the gospels as well.  Only D-type texts share Bezae's strange readings.
	[By the way, "D" stands for Codex Claromontanus elsewhere.]
					Frank D



You appear to be stunningly ignorant of the underlying concept of health
insurance.




Yes, this is certainly one of the traditional ideas about the Mithraic
cult (although not the only one.)  It had many elements that seem
to have been borrowed by Catholicism (e.g. the Mass, communion, the
sharing of a sacred meal, consecration of bread and wine, etc.)

For quite an amusing novel that uses this same idea, check out:

The Covenant of the Flame
by David Morrell.

It has some quite interesting occult bits, and lots of killing.
I won't spoil it by revealing the ending, but I will say that it
is relevant to Mithraism.
Pascal Perret, in article <1993Apr21.125750.263@eicn.etna.ch>, wrote

Funny thing, the InterNet: I have no idea what xv221 might be - except that it
might be something to do with X-windows on PCs (? If you know, and have used
it, and think that it is good, email me. [ryanph@mrl.dsto.gov.au]).

DV/X is a common abbreviation for QuarterDeck corporation's Desqview/X
software.

I have not used DV/X yet, but reading the blurbs that Quarterdeck sent me, it
sounds pretty great:
	* allows multiple DOS machines - the way that OS/2 does, but without
requiring 10 MB of RAM to get OS/2 going
	* pre-emptive multi-tasking
	* network computing - a proper X-windows client/server application -
this means that DOS program can be used on other X-windows computers on your
network, and that X-windows programs can be used on your DV/X computer
	* although it is NOT a version of Unix, it effectively has many of
Unix's features, and mostly you will be able to compile unix-type programs
using the djgpp or gnu c compilers

They advertise regularly in all of the major computing and programming
magazines. They also have InterNet support online (support@qdeck.com).


Hope that this helps anyone wanting to know.
Another fish to check out is Richard Rast -- he works
for Lockheed Missiles, but is on-site at NASA Johnson.

Nick Johnson at Kaman Sciences in Colo. Spgs and his
friend, Darren McKnight at Kaman in Alexandria, VA.

Good luck.

R. Landis

That is in fact the current version (it only came out in December).


My test movie was created at 320*240 resolution, it wasn't being scaled up.
Scaling was a very CPU-intensive operation with the original QuickTime (1.0);
the current version has optimizations for ratios like 4:1 (160*120 -> 320*240),
but even so, I'm prepared to believe that the performance isn't as good as
with playing back an actual 320*240 movie. I haven't done any numerical
measurements for scaled playback.
There is a new version of the RTrace ray-tracing package (8.2.0) at
asterix.inescn.pt [192.35.246.17] in directory pub/RTrace.
Check the README file.

RTrace now can use the SUIT toolkit to have a nice user interface.
Compile it with -DSUIT or modify the Makefile.
SUIT is available at suit@uvacs.cs.virginia.edu
I have binaries of RTrace with SUIT for SUN Sparc, SGI Indigo
and DOS/GO32.
Please contact me if interested.

****************************************

The MAC RTrace 1.0 port is in directory pub/RTrace/Macintosh
Thanks to Reid Judd (reid.judd@east.sun.com) and
Greg Ferrar (gregt@function.mps.ohio-state.edu).

****************************************

Small changes were done since version 8.1.0, mainly:

1. Now it is possible to discard backface polygons and triangles
   for fast preview...

2. The support program scn2sff has been reworked to use temp files.

****************************************

Here goes a short description of current converters from
CAD/molecular/chemistry packages to the SCN format.

The package programs are related as below (those marked with * have been
modified)

	       irit2scn
     IRIT ----------------|
                          |               NFF (nffclean, nffp2pp)
	        sol2scn   |                |
    ACAD11 ---------------|                | nff2sff
                          |                |
	        mol2scn	  v    scn2sff*    v	rtrace*
   ALCHEMY  -----------> SCN -----------> SFF ----------> PIC or PPM
			  ^      cpp                           |
	        pdb2scn   |                                 picmix
     PDB -----------------|                                 picblend
			  |                                 ppmmix*
	       chem2scn   |                                 ppmblend*
   CHEMICAL --------------|
                          |
                3ds2scn*  |
  3D STUDIO --------------|
                          |
                iv2scn*   |
 IRIS Inventor -----------|

****************************************

The DOS port of RTrace is in pub/RTrace/PC-386 (rtrac820.arj,
utils820.arj and image820.arj). See the README file there.
Requires DJGPP GO32 DOS extender (version 1.09 included), which can be
found in directory pub/PC/djgpp (and in many sites around netland).
There are also demo scenes, manuals and all the source code...

****************************************

Please feel free to get it and use it.
Hope you like it.
To everyone who wants fonts in Vivid/POV/Polyray.
The Borland BGI font converter is VVFONT18.ZIP.
This program can be found on FTP.INFORMATIK.UNI-OLDENBURG.DE directory
pub/dkbtrace/utils.
Also WUARCHIVE has mirrored this site (directory graphics/graphics/mirrors/
ftp.informatik.uni-oldenburg.de/pub/dkbtrace/utils.
There are more nice utilities present in this directory.
A new version of Polyray 1.6 (for those asked for it) can be found on the 
same sites but in the directory INCOMING instead of UTILS (PLY16386).
Also in this directory POVSHELL and PV3DV060 could be found.
Have a nive raytrace time.
Peter

[ -and many others mailed me.  Here is a reply to one of the letters.  Seems to
me that atheist do not like the doctrine of hell!]



Your using 20th century concepts to interprete 1st century writers.  Of course,
in your termonology, God could not "cease to exist."  However, that is not what
death ever means in the Scriptures.  If you will study the word, you will see
that it signifies "separation."  Death is separation, not ceastation.  This is
the reason for the agony of the cross.  For the first time in eternity, one
member of the Godhead was separated from the other two.  

I once met a young lady that was as beautiful as any model that ever lived. 
She was as personable as any saint ever imagined.  She was to become my
"girlfriend" for several years.  However, having been drafted, we were
separated by distance.  To me that was a form of death.  Later, she decided
that she couldn't wait for me to come home and bid me adue.  That to me was
death.  It was separation from that which had made me whole.  Death is
separation and eternal death is eternal separation from His fellowship, not
because He chose to send you into outer darkness, but because you chose to go
there.  



When I rebelled against my earthly father, he spanked me.  I found no wisdom in
that until I had grown older and especially until I had my own children.  He
was trying to guide me away from hurt that would enter my life if I continued
on my suicidal course.  He did it in love though I interpreted it as harsh and
unloving.  If God warns of impending danger, that is love.  If choose to let us
do as we please, and then at the end tell us the rules, that would be harsh. 
You have a conscience, no matter how calused or fallen it is, that witnesses to
you that a thing is wrong and that there is cause for fear.  


This may give light to the error of your understanding.  One must have correct
knowledge in order to have correct faith.  Faith and knowledge are inseparable.
 Jesus most certainly felt the "pinpricks" of life.  As the Scripture say:

Heb. 4:15 For we do not have a high priest who cannot sympathize with our
weaknesses, but One who has been tempted in all things as we are, yet without
sin.

The kenosis passage of Phil 2 states that He gave up His Godhead attributes
when He took upon Himself humanity.  It has been a favorite meditation of mine
to think about this.  It was to be my PhD thesis.  "The Consciousness of
Christ."  I have talked at length with a great many people about this
interesting study, including clh.  

It is my conclussion that as Jesus, the 2nd member of the Trinity, actually
suffered as we do.  He became part of the human race and experienced it as we
do.  He "grew in knowledge."  He chose not to grasp His omniscience, but chose
to be taught.  It is my understanding that He was "led of the Spirit" to such
an extent that sometimes it is hard to distinquish between Jesus the man and
Jesus as God.  But in Jn 8 where the adulterous women was thrown before Him,
the tenses are quite clear in that the whole situation took Him by surprise. 
That is, He was not aware that this event was to take place in time.  He was
living sequential history as you or I.  

Maybe some other time we can discuss this, but it is a very lengthy discussion
and one that causes the curcuit breakers of the brain to pop more often than
not.


I was once a member of that club.  THe "free thinker" is a glorious ideal.  By
contrast, of course, you believe that the believer is the unforunate repository
of everything that is dogmatic, inhibited, reactionary and repressive.  I find
such a stance to be as amusing as it is absurd.   If the liberal humanist
wishes to criticize a Christian or a Buddhist or a Marxist, that is his right. 
But what he must not pretend is that he was led to this solely by his "rational
doubt" when in fact he was led to it by his "faith".  He must acknowledge that
while it is rational doubt for him as a "free thinker" to criticize the
Christian, it might equally be a rational doubt for the Christian to criticize
him as a humanist.  If there is no faith, there can be no dout.  There is no
faith which cannot choose to cast doubt on some other faith.

Pascal pointed out that "sceptical arguments allow the positive to be positive.
 Few. . .speak dubiously of scepticism."  The fact that skeptics are not
skeptical about skepticism is further evidence that to doubt anything we must
believe in something else!  THe person who is skeptical toward one faith or
even most faiths, will be the devoted adherent of another.  In fact, it is a
measure of his poverty both that he is unaware of it and that he can define
himself only in negative terms, hence the term "a"-theist.

Some people claim otherwise and argue vociferously for complete skepticism.  In
my campus ministry I ran across this more times than I care to remember. 
However, they disproved their own argument with every thought, every word,
every point of logic that they used.  Every moment of shared communication
speaks against their total skepticism.  Their very insistence of trying to make
sense is eloquent testimony to assumptions that are powerful though silent.

That is to say, that complete skepticism is impossible and limited skepticism
is arbitrary.  Next time you're in a room of skeptics, yell out "Look, your fly
is undone!"  Each person chooses what he is skeptical about and what he
believes without skepticism.  To stress this is to belabor the obvious, but it
underlines the point that no one can know exhaustively how he knows what he
knows.  Pure objectivism is a myth and complete skepticism an impossiblity. 
The answer to this impasse lies in  a 3rd way of knowing, one which is based on
presuppositions.  But if knowledge proceeds on what must be presupposed before
it is proved, the cover is blown on the pretentions of critical doubt, and
critical doubt depends on the idea that human knowledge is totally objective
and neutral.  In other words, another myth.  

Presuppositions my friend.  It is impossible to doubt anything unless there is
something we do not doubt -our own assumptions/presuppostions.  Even these can
be criticezed only upon the basis of other assumptions.  Presuppostitons are
our silent partners in thought but their silence must not be mistaken for
absence.


Of course that is hardly an original statement.  Milton coined it but it had
been in use for millenia.  It was even used in the first "Highlander" movie. 
But again, your presuption is based on a faulty knowledge of the character of
God.  You are operating off of a presuppositional premise of humanistic
theology, not what He has revealed of Himself through history, through His
prophets, through His Word, and lastly, but most of all, thru His Son.  If you
are to reject God's annointed savior, then reject Him from a correct
understanding of Himself.








This isn't inherently bad.

This isn't really light pollution since it will only
be visible shortly before or after dusk (or during the
day).

(Of course, if night only lasts 2 hours for you, you're probably going
to be inconvienenced. But you're inconvienenced anyway in that case).

Finally: this isn't the Bronze Age, and most of us aren't Indo
European; those people speaking Indo-Eurpoean languages often have
much non-indo-european ancestry and cultural background. So:
please try to remember that there are more human activities than
those practiced by the Warrior Caste, the Farming Caste, and the
Priesthood.

And why act distressed that someone's found a way to do research
that doesn't involve socialism?

It certianly doesn't mean we deserve to die.


The big-bang model supposes a temporal singularity at the point of
origin. There was _no_ time for a prior cause to occur in. If you
want to invent fables for the surrounding context, fine, but one fable
is only as good as any other. Why should I prefer to believe in a God that
_just_ exists, as opposed to a singularity that _just happened_, or 
giant puce subspace iguanas, that fling universes off their tongues
like gobs of spit?



Just your opinion, and unfortunately wrong. Self assembling molecules
have already been produced, entirely from inert matter, and have
spontaneously mutated into a more rapidly assembling form on exposure
to ultraviolet light. Both abiogenesis and the beginnings of evolution,
TODAY. (saw this in "Nature", early last year.)

Biological vitalism is dead, and has been dead for many, many years.
Give it up. Life is not a 'spark'. Life is the self-organization
of systems poised between chaos and order.


Your King baldly and repeatedly stated he would be back within the lifetime
of some then present and alive. "Soon, soon" he said, over and over - as
have many would be messiahs.

It is Nineteen Ninety Three
	of Years Anno Domini
Tell me, Tell me, where is He?
	Nowhere at all, Q. E. D.

	Max G. Webb
Nick Haines sez;

Level 5?  Out of how many?  What are the different levels?  I've never
heard of this rating system.  Anyone care to clue me in?

-Tommy Mac
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tom McWilliams 517-355-2178 wk   \\ As the radius of vision increases,
18084tm@ibm.cl.msu.edu 336-9591 hm \\ the circumference of mystery grows.

Also in pure speculation:

Parity errors in memory or previously known conditions that were waivered.
   "Yes that is an error, but we already knew about it"

Any problem where they decided a backup would handle it.

Any problem in an area that was not criticality 1,2,3..., that is, any
   problem in a system they decided they could do without.

I'd be curious as to what the real meaning of the quote is.



And organized religion is a religion built from organized values.
And Ford Tempo is a Tempo built from Ford values.
And rational response is response built from rational values.
And unconditional surrender is surrender built from unconditional values.
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
          uncle!
 


 



If you want to have some fun.

Plug the basic formulas  into Lotus.

Use the spreadsheet auto re-calc,  and graphing functions
to produce  bar graphs  based on latitude,  tilt  and hours of day light avg.


<...more accusations about a worldwide conspiracy against blacks.>

Since Jesus was born in the Middle East, then I expect his human
features to be similar to Middle Easterners at that point in time.
And since the camera wasn't invented yet we can only guess what 
he looked like. For example, with all the dinosaur bones we're
digging up we still don't know if they were yellow-polka-dotted,
or purplish-orange 8-). Likewise, I don't think anybody has a 
picture of Jesus (is there ? 8-) ) So our current image of 
Jesus is our best guess.

Okay. So let's assume that Jesus is black. Would that make you
follow His techings ? Cause if you follow His teachings, skin 
color becomes a moot point, anyway. What counts more in your
life ? Your faith in Jesus or His skin color (as a human) ?

In the interest of historical accuracy, however, since Jesus
was from Israel wouldn't His skin color be like any other Jew ?
i.e. fair-skinned ? Although probably heavily tanned from the
desert sun ? Experts in this area speak up !!! cause I'm not. 8-)



-- 


Again, you missed Jesus's point.  If you read the surrounding passages
you would understand what Jesus means by "life in the world."  But
as is, you bumbled around, asserted your standard axiom that the Bible is bunk,
and came up with the wrong idea.  Also, you do not know exactly
what Jesus means by eternal life.  

Brian K., do you expect to jump in the middle of the quantum mechanics
book and understand Hermite polynomials having not read the surrounding
material?  Why do you such with the Bible?  For an idea what Jesus
means by the world, look up references to it in your concordance.  For
a good description, the whole Book of Ecclesiastes is game.  For 
eternal life, check out John 17:3, John 3:15-16.  You will find that
eternal life is quite different than what you think.  Eternal life
starts NOW--an infinitely high quality of life living in fellowship
with God.



If my diety exists, you would not just cease to exist.  Jesus talks of
hell in Luke 16:19-31.  




The truth is, is that it is not some sort of magic spell.  The truth
is is that you do not understand it, and enjoy not understanding it.



Wrong again.  Christianity is supposed to be relationship.  You
do not even know what Christianity is and you are arguing against
it.


Sorry to disappoint you, but I'm afraid your friendship is in danger.  
Perhaps you should examine in yourself why as such a good friend, you 
are unwilling to accept this imortant part of your friends life?  Why 
do you call into question his faith?  Your friend has changed, he has 
found something that fills a need in his life.  You need to decide if 
you are still his friend, whether you can accommodate his new life.  
It sounds as if you are criticizing him for a fundamental belief in 
the Bible, yet you are quick to reveal that your fundamental belief 
that it is superstition.  Perhaps if he knew you at least took him 
seriously, that you at least took an interest in the light he has found, 
that you at least tried to understand what has become a special part of 
his life, you could together decide to become fundamentalists, respect 
each others differences and remain friends, or part ways.  Maybe even if 
you stuck it out with him, you could help him to un-convert.  Of course, 
if you go in with that attitude he will surely see through your intentions 
and begin to resent you.

I happen to be a person very tolerant of fundamentalists, because I know
that the idea of a simple black and white approach to life is appealing.
I don't happen to share the beliefs of fundamentalists, but I am not
offended by their prosyletizing.  I had a few good conversations with
some Witnesses who came to my door.  I didn't switch my beliefs, but for
those at home who maybe need a friendly face to invite them somewhere,
the Witnesses provide a wonderful service.  You may have been conditioned
to believe that religion is unimportant and witnessing is obnoxious, but
why?  Are you afraid you might be converted and become one of them, that
you will be swept up in fundamentalism, that you will become a weirdo.
Friendship's a two-way street.  You must respect your friend, ALL of him,
including his beliefs, if you want the friendship to continue.
Therefore, whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in the
kingdom of heaven. 
 
 
I'm not sure what you mean by 'saving face' unless you are confusing
the FBI with the BATF who are the ones who were in charge of the
original search warrant.
 
Independant Negotiators? What was there to negotiate? Any sort of plea
bargin has to be brought to the court, the negotiators can't negotiate
charges or sentences. FBI negotitators did make a deal for the
Dividians to come out. Koresh showed he was not negotiating in good
faith and there is no reason to believe independent negotiators
would have done any better.
[Please, note the Newsgroups.]

Recent discussion about XV's problems were held in some newsgroup.
Here is some text users of XV might find interesting.
I have added more to text to this collection article, so read on, even
you so my articles a while ago.

I hope author of XV corrects those problems as best he can, so fine
program XV is that it is worth of improving.
(I have also minor ideas for 24bit XV, e-mail me for them.)

Any misundertanding of mine is understandable.


Juhana Kouhia


==clip==

[ ..deleted..]

Note that 'xv' saves only 8bit/rasterized images; that means that
the saved jpegs are just like jpeg-to-gif-to-jpeg quality.
Also, there's three kind of 8bit quantizers; your final image quality
depends on them too.
 
This were the situation when I read jpeg FAQ a while ago.
 
IMHO, it is design error of 'xv'; there should not be such confusing
errors in programs.
There's two errors:
  -xv allows the saving of 8bit/rasterized image as jpeg even the
   original is 24bit -- saving 8bit/rasterized image instead of
   original 24bit should be a special case
  -xv allows saving the 8bit/rasterized image made with any quantizer
   -- the main case should be that 'xv' quantizes the image with the
   best quantizer available before saving the image to a file; lousier
   quantizers should be just for viewing purposes (and a special cases
   in saving the image, if at all)
 
==clip==

==clip==

[ ..deleted..]

It is limit of *XV*, but not limit of design.
It is error in design.
It is error that 8bit/quantized/rasterized images are stored as jpegs;
jpeg is not designed to that.

As matter of fact, I'm sure when XV were designed 24bit displays were
known. It is not bad error to program a program for 8bit images only
at that time, but when 24bit image formats are included to program the
whole design should be changed to support 24bit images.
That were not done and now we have
 -the program violate jpeg design (and any 24bit image format)
 -the program has human interface errors.

Otherway is to drop saving images as jpegs or any 24bit format without
clearly saying that it is special case and not expected in normal use.

[ ..deleted.. ]

==clip==

Some new items follows.

==clip==

I have seen that XV quantizes the image sometimes poorly with -best24
option than with default option we have.
The reason surely is the quantizer used as -best24; it is (surprise)
the same than used in ppmquant.

If you remember, I have tested some quantizers. In that test I found
that rlequant (with default) is best, then comes djpeg, fbmquant, xv
(our default) in that order. In my test ppmquant suggeeded very poorly
-- it actually gave image with bad artifacts.

I don't know is ppmquant improved any, but I expect no.
So, use of XV's -best24 option is not very good idea.

I suggest that author of XV changes the quantizer to the one used in
rlequant -- I'm sure rle-people gives permission.
(Another could be one used in ImageMagick; I have not tested it, so I
can say nothing about it.)

==clip==

==clip==

Some minor bugs in human interface are:

Key pressings and cursor clicks goes to a buffer; Often it happens
that I make click errors or press keyboard when cursor is in the wrong
place. It is very annoying when you have waited image to come about
five minutes and then it is gone away immediately.
The buffer should be cleaned when the image is complete.

Also, good idea is to wait few seconds before activating keyboard
and mouse for XV after the image is completed.
Often it happens that image pops to the screen quickly, just when
I'm writing something with editor or such. Those key pressings
then go to XV and image has gone or something weird.

In the color editor, when I turn a color meter and release it, XV
updates the images. It is impossible to change all RGB values first
and then get the updated image. It is annoying wait image to be
updated when the setting are not ready yet.
I suggest of adding an 'apply' button to update the exchanges done.
04 Apr 93, David Cruz-Uribe writes to All:

 DC> Also, what is Orthodox practice regarding communion?  I read
 DC> a throw-away remark someplace that the Orthodox receive less
 DC> frequently than Catholics do, but was is their current practice?
 DC> Have their been any variations historically?

I think Orthodox practice varies from place to place, from parish to parish and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In some parishes here in South Africa the only ones who receive communion are infants (i.e. children under
 7). In our parish it is expected that one will have been to Vespers and confessional prayers the evening before, and that one will have been fasting. As we have to travel 70km to the church, we don'
t receive communion every Sunday, but about every third Sunday.

Steve
If gamma ray bursters are extragalactic, would absorption from the
galaxy be expected?  How transparent is the galactic core to gamma
rays?

How much energy does a burster put out?  I know energy depends on
distance, which is unknown.  An answer of the form _X_ ergs per
megaparsec^2 is OK.




If I don't think my belief is right and everyone else's belief is wrong,
then I don't have a belief. This is simply what belief means. Where does
the authority for a belief come from? Nowhere, for a belief is itself
authoratative. If I produce authority for a belief, where will I find
authority for my belief in the legitimacy of the authority. In short, 
the mind has to start somewhere. (By the way, the majority of Christians,
i.e. Catholics, believe in the authority of the Church, and derive the
authority of the Bible from its acceptance by the Church.)
I'm using "rayshade" on the u.w. computers here, and i'd like input
from other users, and perhaps swap some ideas.  I could post
uuencoded .gifs here, or .ray code, if anyone's interested.  I'm having
trouble coming up with colors that are metallic (i.e. brass, steel)
from the RGB values.

If you're on the u.w. machines, check out "~fineman/rle.files/*.rle" on 
stein.u.washington.edu for some of what i've got.  

I have a simple test. I take several people who can speak
only one language (e.g. chinese, russian, german, english).
Then I let the "gifted one" start "speaking in toungues".
The audience should understand the "gifted one" clearly
in their native language. However, the "gifted one" can
only hear himself speaking in his own language.

Works everytime. 8-)
Perhaps I would believe the "gifted ones" more if they were
glorifying God rather than themselves. Then perhaps we'd
witness a real miracle.

-- 
I responded to a post last week and it carried somewhat of a hostile
tone for which I am apologizing for. It is not my intent to  create
contriversy or to piss people  off. To those who I offend, I'm sorry

Sorry, _perijoves_...I'm not used to talking this language.
The home office number for ENVIRONET is (301) 286-5690 (note area
code change).  A friend of mine used to use it to get LDEF data, but
he had to apply for a login name and password.  I have a call in for
more info, which I hope to get in the morning.

The current mining regulations and fees were set in the 1800's!
What the so-called "eco-freaks" want to do is to simply bring those
fees in line with current economic reality.  Currently, mining companies
can get access to minerals on public lands for ridiculously low prices --
something like $50!  The mining lobby has for decades managed to block
any reform of these outdated fees.  In fact, the latest attempt to reform
them was again blocked -- President Clinton "compromised" by taking the
mining fee reforms out of his '94 budget, and plans to draft separate
legislation to fight that battle.
If you want to discuss this further, I suggest you take this to talk.environment.
Greetings and Salutations!

I would like to get in touch with people who
(a) consider themselves Christians (you define it), and
(b) are in the Martial Arts

Some topics for discussion:
	- your particular martial art
	- your view of the relationship between
		Christianity and your art
	- your view of the relationship between
		*your* Christianity and your art
	- why should a Christian participate in MA
	- why shouldn't a Christian participate in MA
	- Biblical views of MA; pro or con.

For example, I heard from one fellow:
	"...I tried the Karate for Christ thing and it wasn't for me..."
	- why or why not?

As an aside, I am involved (in *NO* official way) with an
organization called the Christian Black Belt Association and
I would also like to distribute info regarding upcoming events
to *those who are interested*.  No, you won't be put on any
"mailing list" nor will your name be "sold".

However, if you ARE intested in an email list, let me know.

I am interested in email replies ONLY as this is cross-posted 
to groups I don't normally read.  If anyone wants a summary
or, of course, on-going discussion, then let me know.


Shalom,
Robert Switzer
ka2czu@cbnewsh.att.com
This is to let you know that the fourth issue of the Copt-Net Newsletter 
has been issued. The highlights of this issue include:


 1. Easter Greating: Christ is risen; Truly he is risen!
 2. The Holy Family in Egypt (part 1)
 3. Anba Abraam, the Friend of the Poor (part 4)
 4. A review of the Coptic Encyclopedia
 5. A new Dictionary of the Coptic Language


This Newsletter has been prepared by  members  of  Copt-Net,  a  forum
where news, activities, and services of  the  Coptic Orthodox Churches
and  Coptic communities outside Egypt are coordinated  and  exchanged.
If you want your name to be included in the mailing  list, or have any  
questions please contact Nabil Ayoub at <ayoub@erctitan.me.wisc.edu>.
A "new Christian" wrote that he was new to the faith and 
learning about it "by reading the Bible, of course". I am not
at all sure this is the best path to follow.
	While the Bible is, for Christians, the word of God, the 
revelation of God is Jesus Christ and the chief legacy of this
revalation is the Church. I am not recommending any one
denommination, but I do recommend finding a comfortable christian
congregation in which to develop your faith, rather than just
reading the Bible.
	This does not mean that the Bible should not be read, although
I would stick to the Gospels, epistles, and Psalms and avoid the
Book of Revelation altogether [until you are with friends you are
comfortable with]. I am sure that mistakenly fervent  projects to
read the entire Bible have frequently bogged down with a remarkable
lack of fervour somewhere in the middle of Leviticus, or for the really
sturdy, somewhere in Chronicles.
	The point is that the Bible is their to illustrate the Faith
of Christians, but does not provide the totality of that faith. Vital
beliefs of virtually all Christians are simply not mentioned -
the Trinity, the duality of natures in Christ, types of Church
organization. All these beliefs and practices have developed from the
lived experience of the Christian people, an experience lived one
hopes in the Spirit. As such the Bible, I think, is better studies
in the context of a congregation, and the context of other reading.
	Following up on a suggestion of an old confessor of mine, I 
would even suggest that a good novel is a good way to reflect on the
christian life. [Most novels of any profundity are actually discussing
the nature of good and evil in the human heart]. My own induction into
the christian faith was brought about [after grace] through reading
Graham Greene: _The Power and the Glory_ and the poetry of Gerard
Manley Hopkins. I would also recommend Graham Greene's _Monsignor
Quixote_ and any novel by Iris Murdoch. The last is not even a Christian,
but such is her insistence on the need for the good life, that, frankly,
I often am more uplifted and God directed after reading her than after
reading many parts of the Bible. And that after all is what being
a Christian is all about: letting your soul and your life be, in
some way, directed towards the infinite, represented to us by
the person of Jesus Christ.
I assume that can only be guessed at by the assumed energy of the
event and the 1/r^2 law.  So, if the 1/r^2 law is incorrect (assume
some unknown material [dark matter??] inhibits Gamma Ray propagation),
could it be possible that we are actually seeing much less energetic
events happening much closer to us?  The even distribution could
be caused by the characteristic propagation distance of gamma rays 
being shorter then 1/2 the thickness of the disk of the galaxy.

Just some idle babbling,
-- 

   Jim Batka  | Work Email:  BATKAJ@CCMAIL.DAYTON.SAIC.COM | Elvis is
              | Home Email:  JBATKA@DESIRE.WRIGHT.EDU      |   DEAD!

Such lunacy!

Does anybody know where I can get, via anonymous ftp or otherwise, a PostScript
driver for the graphics libraries GINO verison 3.0A ?

We are runnining on a VAX/VMS and are looking for a way outputing our plots to a
PostScript file...


Thanks in advance...
The most ridiculous example of VR-exploitation I've seen so far is the
"Virtual Reality Clothing Company" which recently opened up in Vancouver. As
far as I can tell it's just another "chic" clothes spot. Although it would be
interesting if they were selling "virtual clothing"....

E-mail me if you want me to dig up their phone # and you can probably get
some promotional lit.

Hum, do you enjoy putting words in my mouth? 
Come to Nome and meet some of these miners.. I am not sure how things go down
south in the lower 48 (I used to visit, but), of course to believe the
media/news its going to heck (or just plain crazy). 
Well it seems that alot of Unionist types seem to think that having a job is a
right, and not a priviledge. Right to the same job as your forbearers, SEE:
Kennedy's and tel me what you see (and the families they have married into).
There is a reason why many historians and poli-sci types use unionist and
socialist in the same breath.
The miners that I know, are just your average hardworking people who pay there
taxes and earn a living.. But taxes are not the answer. But maybe we could move
this discussion to some more appropriate newsgroup..
The European Space Agency has involvement with remote earth 
observation, and I presume this includes surveillance (optical etc.).
So it's not just the US/USSR(ex) who are in the game.

But what *is* the game? What can be done with space observation?
The military functions of missile spotting, troop spotting etc. are well
documented, but what about anything else?

The biggest eg I can think of is to get a  metal sensing sat over a
paying country and scan their territory for  precious metals.

More importantly, if radar can spot water vapour (clouds), presumably
a radar based sat will be capable of spotting rivers,open water and 
*underground water* from space. This would be a positive life saver
for African or other drought affected countries. Implementing a
clean water and irrigation program would be of imense benifit to such
countries and should cut down mortalities considerably.

So how about it? Is there a charity or government agency that would
pay for a third world country to have their minerals and water deposits
mapped?

Or is this still sci-fi?

Mail replies would be great.

Thought for the day: Thermal energy needs water to make steam so sstick
it in the ocean!


Of course, I'd still recommend that Michael read _True and Reasonable_
by Douglas Jacoby.

Joe Fisher

The Orion concept as actually proposed (as opposed to the way it has been
somewhat misrepresented in some fiction) included wrapping a thick layer
of reaction mass -- probably plastic of some sort -- around each bomb.
The bomb vaporizes the reaction mass, and it's that which transfers
momentum to the pusher plate.
And he went out to meet Asa,
	And said unto him,
	Hear ye me, Asa,
	And all Judah and Benjamin;
	The LORD is with you, while ye be with him;
	and if ye seek him, he will be found of you;
	but if ye forsake him, he will forsake you.
A related question (which I haven't given that much serious thought 
to): at what lattitude is the average length of the day (averaged 
over the whole year) maximized? Is this function a constant=
12 hours? Is it truly symmetric about the equator? Or is
there some discrepancy due to the fact that the orbit is elliptic
(or maybe the difference is enough to change the temperature and
make the seasons in the southern hemisphere more bitter, but
is far too small to make a sizeable difference in daylight
hours)?

I want to know where to move.
Archive-name: space/intro
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:10 $

    FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ON SCI.SPACE/SCI.ASTRO

    INTRODUCTION

    This series of linked messages is periodically posted to the Usenet
groups sci.space and sci.astro in an attempt to provide good answers to
frequently asked questions and other reference material which is worth
preserving. If you have corrections or answers to other frequently asked
questions that you would like included in this posting, send email to
leech@cs.unc.edu (Jon Leech).

    If you don't want to see the FAQ, add 'Frequently Asked Questions' to
your KILL file for this group (if you're not reading this with a newsreader
that can kill articles by subject, you're out of luck).

    The FAQ volume is excessive right now and will hopefully be trimmed down
by rewriting and condensing over time. The FAQ postings are available in
the Ames SPACE archive in FAQ/faq<#>.

    Good summaries will be accepted in place of the answers given here. The
point of this is to circulate existing information, and avoid rehashing old
answers. Better to build on top than start again. Nothing more depressing
than rehashing old topics for the 100th time. References are provided
because they give more complete information than any short generalization.

    Questions fall into three basic types:

    1) Where do I find some information about space?

    Try your local public library first. The net is not a good place to ask
    for general information. Ask INDIVIDUALS (by email) if you must. There
    are other sources, use them, too. The net is a place for open ended
    discussion.

    2) I have an idea which would improve space flight?

    Hope you aren't surprised, but 9,999 out of 10,000 have usually been
    thought of before. Again, contact a direct individual source for
    evaluation. NASA fields thousands of these each day.

    3) Miscellanous queries.

    These are addressed on a case-by-case basis in the following series of
    FAQ postings.


    SUGGESTIONS FOR BETTER NETIQUETTE

    Read news.announce.newusers if you're on Usenet.
    Minimize cross references, [Do you REALLY NEED to?]
    Edit "Subject:" lines, especially if you're taking a tangent.
    Send mail instead, avoid posting follow ups. (1 mail message worth
	100 posts).
    Internet mail readers: send requests to add/drop to SPACE-REQUEST
	not SPACE.
    Read all available articles before posting a follow-up. (Check all
	references.)
    Cut down attributed articles (leave only the points you're
	responding to; remove signatures and headers). Summarize!
    Put a return address in the body (signature) of your message (mail
	or article), state your institution, etc. Don't assume the
	'reply' function of mailers will work.
    Use absolute dates. Post in a timely way. Don't post what everyone
	will get on TV anyway.
    Some editors and window systems do character count line wrapping:
	keep lines under 80 characters for those using ASCII terminals
	(use carriage returns).


    INDEX TO LINKED POSTINGS

    I've attempted to break the postings up into related areas. There isn't
    a keyword index yet; the following lists the major subject areas in each
    posting. Only those containing astronomy-related material are posted to
    sci.astro (indicated by '*' following the posting number).

    #	Contents

    1*	Introduction
	    Suggestions for better netiquette
	    Index to linked postings
	    Notes on addresses, phone numbers, etc.
	    Contributors

    2*	Network resources
	    Overview
	    Mailing lists
	    Periodically updated information
	    Warning about non-public networks

    3*	Online (and some offline) sources of images, data, etc.
	    Introduction
	    Viewing Images
	    Online Archives
		NASA Ames
		NASA Astrophysics Data System
		NASA Jet Propulsion Lab (Mission Information and Images)
		NASA Langley (Technical Reports)
		NASA Spacelink
		National Space Science Data Center
		Space Telescope Science Institute Electronic Info. Service
		Starcat
		Astronomical Databases
		Astronomy Programs
		Orbital Element Sets
		SPACE Digest
	    Landsat & NASA Photos
	    Planetary Maps
	    Cometary Orbits

    4*	Performing calculations and interpreting data formats
	    Computing spacecraft orbits and trajectories
	    Computing planetary positions
	    Computing crater diameters from Earth-impacting asteroids
	    Map projections and spherical trignometry
	    Performing N-body simulations efficiently
	    Interpreting the FITS image format
	    Sky (Unix ephemeris program)
	    Three-dimensional star/galaxy coordinates

    5*	References on specific areas
	    Publishers of space/astronomy material
	    Careers in the space industry
	    DC-X single-stage to orbit (SSTO) program
	    How to name a star after a person
	    LLNL "great exploration"
	    Lunar Prospector
	    Lunar science and activities
	    Orbiting Earth satellite histories
	    Spacecraft models
	    Rocket propulsion
	    Spacecraft design
	    Esoteric propulsion schemes (solar sails, lasers, fusion...)
	    Spy satellites
	    Space shuttle computer systems
	    SETI computation (signal processing)
	    Amateur satellies & weather satellites
	    Tides

    6*	Constants and equations for calculations

    7*	Astronomical Mnemonics

    8	Contacting NASA, ESA, and other space agencies/companies
	    NASA Centers / Arianespace / ESA / NASDA / Soyuzkarta / Space
		Camp / Space Commerce Corporation / Spacehab / SPOT Image
	    Other commercial space businesses

    9	Space shuttle answers, launch schedules, TV coverage
	    Shuttle launchings and landings; schedules and how to see them
	    Why does the shuttle roll just after liftoff?
	    How to receive the NASA TV channel, NASA SELECT
	    Amateur radio frequencies for shuttle missions
	    Solid Rocket Booster fuel composition

    10	Planetary probes - Historical Missions
	    US planetary missions
	    Mariner (Venus, Mars, & Mercury flybys and orbiters)
	    Pioneer (Moon, Sun, Venus, Jupiter, and Saturn flybys and orbiters)
	    Ranger (Lunar lander and impact missions)
	    Lunar Orbiter (Lunar surface photography)
	    Surveyor (Lunar soft landers)
	    Viking (Mars orbiters and landers)
	    Voyager (Outer planet flybys)
	    Soviet planetary missions
	    Soviet Lunar probes
	    Soviet Venus probes
	    Soviet Mars probes
	    Japanese planetary missions
	    Planetary mission references

    11	Upcoming planetary probes - missions and schedules
	    Cassini
	    Galileo
	    Magellan
	    Mars Observer
	    TOPEX/Poseidon
	    Ulysses
	    Other space science missions
	    Proposed missions

    12	Controversial questions
	    What happened to the Saturn V plans
	    Why data from space missions isn't immediately available
	    Risks of nuclear (RTG) power sources for space probes
	    Impact of the space shuttle on the ozone layer
	    How long can a human live unprotected in space
	    How the Challenger astronauts died
	    Using the shuttle beyond Low Earth Orbit
	    The "Face on Mars"

    13	Space activist/interest/research groups and space publications
	    Groups
	    Publications
	    Undocumented Groups

    14	How to become an astronaut

    15	Orbital and Planetary Launch Services


    NOTES ON ADDRESSES, PHONE NUMBERS, ETC.

    Unless otherwise specified, telephone numbers, addresses, and so on are
    for the United States of America. Non-US readers should remember to add
    the country code for telephone calls, etc.


    CREDITS

    Eugene Miya started a series of linked FAQ postings some years ago which
    inspired (and was largely absorbed into) this set.

    Peter Yee and Ron Baalke have and continue to spend a lot of their own
    time setting up the SPACE archives at NASA Ames and forwarding official
    NASA announcements.

    Many other people have contributed material to this list in the form of
    old postings to sci.space and sci.astro which I've edited. Please let me
    know if corrections need to be made. Contributors I've managed to keep
    track of are:

    0004847546@mcimail.com (Francis Reddy)	- map projections
    ad038@yfn.ysu.edu (Steven Fisk)		- publication refs.
    akerman@bill.phy.queensu.CA (Richard Akerman)   - crater diameters
    alweigel@athena.mit.edu (Lisa Weigel)	- SEDS info
    aoab314@emx.utexas.edu (Srinivas Bettadpur) - tides
    awpaeth@watcgl.waterloo.edu (Alan Wm Paeth) - map projections
    aws@iti.org (Allen W. Sherzer)		- Great Exploration
    baalke@kelvin.jpl.nasa.gov (Ron Baalke)	- planetary probe schedules
    bankst@rata.vuw.ac.nz (Timothy Banks)	- map projections,
	variable star analysis archive
    bern@uni-trier.de (Jochen Bern)		- German mnemonic translation
    brosen@pioneer.arc.nasa.gov (Bernie Rosen)	- Space Camp
    bschlesinger@nssdca.gsfc.nasa.gov (Barry Schlesinger)   - FITS format
    cew@venera.isi.edu (Craig E. Ward)		- space group contact info
    chapin@cbnewsc.att.com (Tom Chapin)		- planetary positions
    cunnida@tenet.edu (D. Alan Cunningham)	- NASA Spacelink
    cyamamot@kilroy.Jpl.Nasa.Gov (Cliff Yamamoto) - orbital elements
    datri@convex.com (Anthony Datri)		- PDS/VICAR viewing software
    daver@sjc.mentorg.com (Dave Rickel)		- orbit formulae
    dlbres10@pc.usl.edu (Phil Fraering)		- propulsion
    eder@hsvaic.boeing.com (Dani Eder)		- Saturn V plans, SRBs
    eugene@eos.arc.nasa.gov (Eugene N. Miya)	- introduction,
	NASA contact info, started FAQ postings
    french@isu.isunet.edu (Patrick M. French)	- space group contact info
    g@telesoft.com (Gary Morris)		- amateur radio info
    gaetz@cfa.harvard.edu (Terry Gaetz)		- N-body calculations,
	orbital dynamics
    grandi@noao.edu (Steve Grandi)		- planetary positions
    greer%utd201.dnet%utadnx@utspan.span.nasa.gov (Dale M. Greer)   - constants
    henry@zoo.toronto.edu (Henry Spencer)	- survival in vacuum,
	astronaut how-to, Challenger disaster, publication refs, DC-X
    higgins@fnal.bitnet (William Higgins)	- RTGs, publishers,
	shuttle landings, spysats, propulsion, "Face on Mars"
    hmueller@cssun.tamu.edu (Hal Mueller)	- map projections,
	orbital dynamics
    jbh55289@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Josh Hopkins)	- launch services
    jim@pnet01.cts.com (Jim Bowery)		- propulsion, launch services
    jnhead@pirl.lpl.arizona.edu (James N. Head) - atmospheric scale heights
    jscotti@lpl.arizona.edu (Jim Scotti)	- planetary positions
    kcarroll@zoo.toronto.edu (Kieran A. Carroll)- refs for spacecraft design
    ken@orion.bitnet (Kenneth Ng)		- RTGs
    kjenks@gothamcity.jsc.nasa.gov (Ken Jenks)	- shuttle roll manuever
    klaes@verga.enet.dec.com (Larry Klaes)	- planetary probe history
    leech@cs.unc.edu (Jon Leech)		- crater diameters
    lfa@ssi.com (Lou Adornato)			- orbital dynamics
    maury.markowitz@egsgate.fidonet.org (Maury Markowitz)   - propulsion
    max@west.darkside.com (Erik Max Francis)	- equations
    mbellon@mcdurb.Urbana.Gould.COM		- N-body calculations
    mcconley@phoenix.Princeton.edu (Marc Wayne Mcconley)    - space careers
    msb@sq.com (Mark Brader)			- Mariner 1 info.
    mwm@cmu.edu (Mark Maimone)			- SPACE Digest
    nickw@syma.sussex.ac.uk (Dr. Nick Watkins)	- models, spysats
    ohainaut@eso.org (Olivier R. Hainaut)	- publishers, STARCAT
    oneil@aio.jsc.nasa.gov (Graham O'Neil)	- Lunar Prospector
    panama@cup.portal.com (Kenneth W Durham)	- cometary orbits, IAU
    paul.blase@nss.fidonet.org (Paul Blase)	- propulsion
    pjs@plato.jpl.nasa.gov (Peter Scott)	- RTGs
    pschleck@unomaha.edu (Paul W. Schleck)	- AMSAT, ARRL contact info
    rdb@mel.cocam.oz.au (Rodney Brown)		- propulsion refs
    rja7m@phil.cs.virginia.edu (Ran Atkinson)	- FTPable astro. programs
    rjungcla@ihlpb.att.com (R. Michael Jungclas)- models
    roelle@sigi.jhuapl.edu (Curt Roelle)	- German mnemonic translation
    seal@leonardo.jpl.nasa.gov (David Seal)	- Cassini mission schedule
    shafer@skipper.dfrf.nasa.gov (Mary Shafer)	- photos, shuttle landings
    smith@sndpit.enet.dec.com (Willie Smith)	- photos
    stephen@gpwd.gp.co.nz (Stephen Dixon)	- shuttle audio frequencies
    sterner@warper.jhuapl.edu (Ray Sterner)	- planetary positions
    stooke@vaxr.sscl.uwo.ca (Phil Stooke)	- planetary maps
    ted_anderson@transarc.com (Ted Anderson)	- propulsion
    terry@astro.as.utexas.edu (Terry Hancock)	- NASA center info
    thorson@typhoon.atmos.coloState.edu (Bill Thorson) - FITS info
    tm2b+@andrew.cmu.edu (Todd L. Masco)	- SPACE Digest
    tom@ssd.csd.harris.com (Tom Horsley)	- refs for algorithms
    veikko.makela@helsinki.fi (Veikko Makela)	- orbital element sets
    Wales.Larrison@ofa123.fidonet.org (Wales Larrison) - groups & publications
    wayne@csri.utoronto.ca (Wayne Hayes)	- constants
    weemba@libra.wistar.upenn.edu (Matthew P Wiener) - Voyager history
    yamada@yscvax.ysc.go.jp (Yoshiro Yamada)	- ISAS/NASDA missions
    yee@ames.arc.nasa.gov (Peter Yee)		- AMES archive server,
	propulsion

    In Net memoriam:
	Ted Flinn

[insert huge deletion of all following material since it had little
relevance to what I've found]

OK.  The people before Jesus didn't have Jesus, right (so far, I've
announced that space is a vacuum)?  The people who lived during the time
Jesus lived (especially disciples) were taught this:  "I tell you the
truth, anyone who has faith in me will do what I have been doing.  He
will do even greater things than these, because I am going to the
Father.  And I will do whatever you ask in my name, so that the Son may
bring glory to the Father.  You may ask me for anything in my name, and
I will do it." (John 14:12-14)
So, Jesus asked them to pray for things in his name.  Since that time,
the request has been the same, not to ask for intercession from other
beings, but from Jesus.  Remember that "there is one God and one
mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, who gave himself as
a ransom for all men--the testimony given in its proper time." (1
Timothy 2:5-6.  Also, "there have been many of those priests [talking
about priests among the Hebrews], since death prevented them from
continuing in office; but because Jesus lives forever, he has a
permanent priesthood.  Therefore he is able to save completely those who
come to God through him, because he always lives to intercede for them."
(Hebrews 7:23-25).  Hebrews is also full of areas talking about Jesus
being our mediator rather than any other man.

Joe Fisher
JOB OPPORTUNITY
		      ---------------


SERI(Systems Engineering Research Institute), of KIST(Korea
Institute of Science and Technology) is looking for the resumes
for the following position and need them by the end of June (6/30). 
If you are interested, send resumes to:

	CAD/CAE lab (6th floor)
	Systems Engineering Research Institute
	Korea Institute of Science and Technology 
	Yousung-Gu, Eoeun-Dong,
	Daejon. Korea
	305-600


	COMPANY: Systems Engineering Research Institute

	TITLE  : Senior Research Scientist

	JOB DESCRIPTION : In depth knowledge of C.
	Working knowledge of Computer Aided Design.
	Working knowledge of Computer Graphics.
	Working knowledge of Virtual Reality.
	Skills not required but desirable : knowledge of
	data modeling, virtual reality experience,
	understanding of client/server architecture.

	REQUIREMENT : Ph.D

	JOB LOCATION : Daejon, Korea

	Contact Info : Chul-Ho, Lim
		       CAD/CAE lab (6th floor)
		       Systems Engineering Research Institute
		       Korea Institute of Science and Technology 
	       	       Yousung-Gu, Eoeun-Dong,
		       Daejon. Korea
		       305-600
I am interested in a 2d/3d graphics library which will allow our design
team to write graphics software for Unix workstations and be as portable as 
possible.  Eventually this software will have to be moved to Microsoft
Windows.  It is my opinion that a good API with hooks to PEX underneath
would prove most portable.

Does anyone out there have any experience with Figaro+ form TGS or
HOOPS from Ithaca Software?  I would appreciate any comments.

- Claye Hart

I'm looking for a database called "Micro World Data Bank II", a database
with digital map information containing 178,068 latitude, longitude points.
It is said to be in the public domain. If anyone knows a place where I can
get it (preferably FTP/gopher/mailserver etc.; otherwise snail mail) please
let me know. I you have it yourself and are willing to send me the file,
drop me a line.

I'll be using it with a program called VERSAMAP by Charles H. Culberson.
If anyone knows of another detailed database that can be used with this
program (preferably PD), I would be very interested.

Replies by e-mail please, directly to me, I don't read this group regularly.
If there's interest I'll post a summary, of course.
930420

Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
The word of Sin is Restriction.



Sorry, the San Jose based Rosicrucian order is called A.M.O.R.C, 
I don't remember for the time being what the A.M. stand for
but O.R.C is Ordo Rosae Crucis, in other words latin for
Order of the Rose Cross. 


Response:

Yes, very true.  The entire title is 'The Ancient and Mystical Order
 Rosae Crucis'.  They are located at 1342 Naglee Avenue, San Jose,
California, 95191-0001, USA.

They are considered different and largely unrelated by a number of
sources.  I've seen documentation which links them through the figure
of H. Spencer Lewis.  Lewis was apparently involved with Reuss, who
was the O.H.O. of Ordo Templi Orientis for many years.  Apparently it
is also true that Lewis had a charter to form an O.T.O. body and then
created A.M.O.R.C. (as a subsidiary?  an interesting question).


Kent:

Otherwise their headquarters in San Jose has a pretty decent
metaphysical bookstore, if any of you are interested in such books.
And my son loves to run around in their Egyptian museum.


Response:

Indeed, and diagonally across the street is another metaphysical
book store called 'Ram Metaphysical', wherein I've purchased some
wonderful works by Crowley and others.  Ram Metaphysical Books,
1749 Park Ave., San Jose, CA.  (408) 294-2651.


Invoke me under my stars.  Love is the law, love under will.

I am I!

   If the Papacy is infallible, and this is a matter of faith, then the 
   Pope cannot "be wrong!"  If, on the other hand, this is not a matter 
   of faith, but a matter of Church law, then we should still obey as the
   Pope is the legal head of the church.

   In other words, given the doctrine of infallibility, we have no choice
   but to obey.

This is a primary problem in the Church today.  What you are saying is
more or less heresy.  You might call it "infallibilism".  It's the
idea that the Pope is always right in everything he says or does.
This is virtually all over the place, especially in this country.

The Pope is only infallible under certain very specific and
well-defined conditions.  When these conditions are not met, he can
make mistakes.  He can make *big* mistakes.

A couple historical examples come to mind.

Bishop Robert Grosseteste was perhaps the greatest product of the
English Catholic Church.  At one point during his career, the reigning
Pope decided to install one of his nephews in an English see.  Bishop
Grosseteste said that this would happen over his dead body (though
maybe not in so many words; you have to treat Popes with respect, even
when they are wrong).  The problem was that this nephew would just
collect the income of the see, and probably never set foot there.
This would deprive the people of the see of a shepherd.  Bishop
Grosseteste was quite right in what he did!

Another example is that of Pope John XXII, a Pope of the Middle Ages.
He decided that souls that were saved did not enjoy the Beatific
Vision until the Last Judgement.  He decided that this should be a
defined doctrine of the Church.  Though he didn't quite get around to
defining it.  Now there's no way this is compatible with Catholic
doctrine.  The Pope's doctrine was criticised by many in the Church.
He went so far as to put a number of his opponents in jail, even.  In
the end, he had to admit his mistake.  Shortly before he died, he
recanted.  His successor made the exact *opposite* idea a dogma of the
Church.

If you consult any of the great Catholic theologians who treat of such
subjects, such as St. Robert Bellarmine (a Doctor of the Church), you
will find detailed discussions of whether the Pope can personally fall
into heresy or schism.


That is because two creation stories is one of the worst examples of 
a difficulty with the Bible.  "were formed" can also be translated "had been
formed" in chapter two without any problems.  So the text does not demand
that there are two creation stories.  
Besides this was the same line of horse puckey the mining companies claimed
when they were told to pay for  restoring land  after strip mining.

they still mine coal in the midwest,  but now it doesn't look like
the moon when theyare done.
COCHRANE,JAMES SHAPLEIGH writes


This group killed itself to fulfill its interpretation of prophecy
and to book a suite in Paradise, taking innocent kids along for the
ride. I hardly think the feds were motivated by persecution. If they
were, all Koresh would have had to do was surrender quietly to the
authorities, without firing a shot, to get the American people behind
him and put the feds in the hot seat. But no, God told him to play
the tough guy. There's great strength in yielding, but few appreciate
this. 


Remember the armor of God?  The sword that Christians wield is the
Word of God, the Bible.

God be with you,

Malcolm Lee  :)




      ONLY if you weight Americans equal to SAlvadorans.
I am looking for an algorithm to determine if a given point is bound by a 
polygon. Does anyone have any such code or a reference to book containing
information on the subject ?

		Regards
Hi...

I'm new to this group, and maybe this has been covered already,
but does anybody out there see the current emphasis on the
environment being turned (unintentionally, of course) into
pantheism?

I've debated this quite a bit, and while I think a legitimate
concern for the planet is a great thing, I can easily see it
being perverted into something dangerous.

As evidence, may I quote THE WALL STREET JOURNAL (of all
things!), April 2 (Editorial page):
"We suspect that's because one party to the (environmental)
dispute thinks the Earth is sanctified.  It's clear that much
of the environmentalist energy is derived from what has been
called the Religious Left, a SECULAR, or even PAGAN fanaticism
that now WORSHIPS such GODS as nature and gender with a
reverence formerly accorded real religions."  (EMPHASIS MINE).
Praise God!  I'm writing everyone to inform you that I have been
accepted to the Doctor of Psychology program at Fuller Theological
Seminary in Pasadena, CA.  I've been working long and hard to try to
get in there and have said many hours of prayer.  I'm very excited for
this opportunity, but also very nervous about it.

I'd appreciate the prayers of the readers of this group for my preparation
for school this summer and for my career as a graduate student.  I'd also
appreciate any information any of the readers of this group might have 
about Fuller, Pasadena, or California in general, like good places to
have fun, good churches to check out, or anything else that might be
good for me to know.  Also, if anyone knows of any foundations that 
might have funding or scholarship money available, please let me know!
Of course, if you wish to make a personal contribution.....:)

The contract for my current job is over at the end of April.  I'll be
taking a couple classes at UT this summer and then I'll be moving to
Pasadena.  Hopefully, I'll be able to get net.access next fall, although
Fuller doesn't have it itself.

I've enjoyed the interesting discussions and I commend everyone for their
earnest search to please God.  Thanks to our moderator for providing
such a wonderful service and in doing a great job of running this news
group.

May God bless you all.  Vaya con Dios, mi amigas y amigos.

Paul


===============================================================================
Paul Conditt		Internet: conditt@titan.tsd.arlut.utexas.edu
Applied Research	Phone:	  (512) 835-3422   FAX: (512) 835-3416/3259
  Laboratories		Fedex:	  10000 Burnet Road, Austin, Texas 78758-4423
University of Texas	Postal:	  P.O. Box 8029, Austin, Texas 78713-8029
Austin, Texas <----- the most wonderful place in Texas to live

Hi,

well I have opened up a FTP site for getting the latest software drivers
for Genoa graphics cards.

Here is how to access it:

ftp 192.109.42.11
login:ftp
password:ftp
cd pub/genoa
ls -l
binary
prompt
hash

(now if you wanna have the latest drivers for the 7900 board)

cd 7000series
mget *

quit

This is the sequence to get the drivers.

If you have any further question, please email me.

believeing blindly or not. I'm not sure how blindness comes into it. I do > not
deny reason, indeed I insist upon it, but reason only draws conclusions > from
evidence. If you decide in advance that your reason will act only on > the
evidence of the five physical senses, then you cut reason off from any >
possibility of reaching a conclusion outside the physical sphere (beyond the >
rather provocative, if inconclusive, conclusion that the physical sphere > is
not self explanatory). 

So your are saying to rely on our feelings and experiences (since
this is the only other source of information left to us).
How can you then convince somebody that your "feelings and experiences"
are the correct ones then if you can't show somebody visible and
measurable effects?  If my experiences say that "there exists no god"
and yours says there does, where does that leave us?  Since we are only
going on experiences, then both of us are correct within our own personal
realities.

Furthermore, the trouble with "feelings and experiences" is that they
can lead you astray, as the tragic outcome of Waco illustrates.  I
am sure that many of Koresh's followers really believed in him but
I think that you and I will agree that they were being misled.

Finally, how on earth do you come to the conclusion that the physical
sphere is not self-explanatory when you only rely on the five senses?


You must be using a definition of "evidence" that I am not familiar with.
To me, evidence is something you can show others -unambiguously- that
what you are saying is true.

However, I agree with you that belief in a diety is a matter of faith.
It is not something you can share around - others must experience it
independantly.  Unfortunately, as I have explained above, this puts
belief down to a matter of experience.  My impression is that Christians
do not have the monopoly on reason, evidence and faith as far as any of
these things can go.


At the risk of repeating my argument : As I have explained previously, 
the trouble is that Moslems, Buddhists, Jews, etc will ALL say that THEY
claim, with good reason, to be a valid system, possessed of the best
evidence, for explaining Gods revelations to man (for Buddhists it
should read "for explaining the non-existence of God").  So not only
must you "prove" your own case, you have to "disprove" theirs.

(alt.messianic is a good place to see people strong in the belief
of their own faiths ... and with their own good reasons)


I know that ALL people can use reason ... I never claimed that they don't.
I just wish to make sure that their arguments are well-founded.  It goes
without saying that if I make a blunder that I expect people to correct
me.  Once we have all gone through this process of removing the 
non-essential and contradictory bits, we should (hopefully) have made
some progress towards the truth.




I don't know which passage you are refering to, but the passage I have
often seen cited as an example of a mother image of God is Isaiah 49:15
"Can a woman forget her sucking child / that she should have no 
compassion / on the son of her womb? / Even these may forget, / 
yet I will not forget you." 
 
This passage is *not* a mother image of God at all. The mother here
is the image of the best human constancy can show, and it is 
contrasted with the constancy of God. The mother figure here represents
mankind, not God.
-- 
==============================================================================
Mark Baker                  | "The task ... is not to cut down jungles, but 
aa888@Freenet.carleton.ca   | to irrigate deserts." -- C. S. Lewis
==============================================================================

[Luke 13:34   O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, killing the prophets and stoning those
who are sent to you! How often would I have gathered your children together
as a hen gathers her brood under her wings, and you would not!
Yes I am aware CorelDraw exports in SCODAL.
Version 2 did it quite well, apart from a
few hassles with radial fills. Version 3 RevB
is better but if you try to export in SCODAL
with a bitmap image included in the drawing
it will say something like "cannot export
SCODAL with bitmap"- at least it does on my
version.
 If anyone out there knows a way around this
I am all ears.
 Temporal images make a product called Filmpak
which converts Autocad plots to SCODAL, postscript
to SCODAL and now GIF to SCODAL but it costs $650
and I was just wondering if there was anything out
there that just did the bitmap to SCODAL part a tad
cheaper.
Please , I need the starting address (pointer) for the beginning 
of the color information (RGB) on VGA mode 68h (that's 68 hex, gee, 
duh!)...

Thanks SOOOO much (hugs and kisses) in advance.....
Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of
sins. 
In my last post I referred to Michael Adams as "Nick."  Completely my
error; Nick Adams was a film and TV actor from the '50's and early '60's
(remember Johnny Yuma, The Rebel?).  He was from my part of the country,
and Michael's email address of "nmsca[...]" probably helped confuse things
in my mind.  Purely user headspace error on my part.  Sorry.
As I understand it, THe difference between 3D Studio 2.00 and 2.01 is mainly
in the IPAS interface, along with a few small bug fixes. The IPAS code runs
a lot faster in the newest version.

Hi,

	I have a problem, I hope some of the 'gurus' can help me solve.

	Background of the problem:
	I have a rectangular mesh in the uv domain, i.e  the mesh is a 
	mapping of a 3d Bezier patch into 2d. The area in this domain
	which is inside a trimming loop had to be rendered. The trimming
	loop is a set of 2d Bezier curve segments.
	For the sake of notation: the mesh is made up of cells.

	My problem is this :
	The trimming area has to be split up into individual smaller
	cells bounded by the trimming curve segments. If a cell
	is wholly inside the area...then it is output as a whole ,
	else it is trivially rejected. 

	Does any body know how thiss can be done, or is there any algo. 
	somewhere for doing this.

	Any help would be appreciated.

	Thanks, 
	Ani.
The  N A T I O N A L  D A Y
                                  o f
                            P  R  A  Y  E  R

                           6  M A Y  1 9 9 3

           IMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM;
           :                                                :
           :           JOIN AMERICA IN PRAYER TO:           :
           :                                                :
           :     * Acknowledge our dependence upon God;     :
           :                                                :
           :     * Give thanks for His many blessings;      :
           :                                                :
           :     * Ask God to guide our leaders and to      :
           :       bring healing, reconciliation and whole- :
           :       ness to our nation and all its people.   :
           :                                                :
           HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM<

                      OUR FOUNDING FATHERS SAID...

     George Washington:  "I now make it my earnest prayer that God...
         (A.D. 1783)     would be pleased to dispose us all to do
                         justice, to love mercy, and to demean
     ourselves with charity and humility, and a pacific temper of mind,
     which were characteristics of the Divine Author of our blessed
     Religion, and without an humble imitation of Whose example in
     these things, we can never hope to be a happy nation."


     John Adams:  "It must be felt that there is no national security
     (A.D. 1853)  but in the nation's humble, acknowledged dependence
                  upon God and His overruling providence."


     Abraham Lincoln:   "It is the duty of nations, as well as of men,
       (A.D. 1863)      to own their dependence upon the overruling
                        power of God, to confess their sins and
     transgressions...and to recognize the sublime truth, announced in
     the Holy Scriptures and proven by all history, that those nations
     only are blessed whose God is the Lord..."


     NOTE:  You can join with people in your area in observing the
            NATIONAL DAY Of PRAYER.  To learn who is affiliated with
            the Concerts Of Prayer group in your area, contact:
A section of Richard Badenas' book, "Christ The End of the Law, Romans 10.14 
in Pauline Perspective."  The section I have is on the Contextual setting and 
meaning of Romans 9-11.  In addition, there are 111 endnotes.

Since the file is so long, and because of other reasons, I will take requests
for the article personally.

Of course, I believe Badenas' insights to be true, and, quite damaging to the
traditional Augustinian/Calvinist view.



Does anybody have a collection of occurances of 42? (before and after
The Guide). If not, I would like to receive any odd bits you might know.
postings to alt.fan.douglas.adams.







The problem is, your use of the word "objective" along with "values."
Both definitions three and four are inherently subjective, that is
they are particular to a given individual, or personal. You see,
what one person may see as worthwhile, another may see as worthless.


Again, your form of measurement in this sentence, that being of "worth"
is subjective. 



When I find that my usage of a word is different than the usage of
that word given by another person, I try to find a standard against
which to judge that usage. In most cases, the dictionary is the standard
I use. Here is a definiton of objective:

objective ADJ. 1. Of or having to do with a material object as 
distinguished from a mental concept. 2. Having actual existance.
3.a. Unenfluenced by emotion or personal prejudice. b. Based on
observable phenomenon.

By this definition, science does not have an objective worth, since the
phrase "objective worth" is an oxymoron. However you asked something a 
little differently this time, you asked for an objective basis for a
notion. The fact that the use of science as an intellectual tool is
responsible for changes in our world (the changes are material, and
thus "objective") would provide an objective _basis_ for an argument.
However, the conclusion arrived at from that argument (that science is 
"good") is subjective.

I think that the problem here is one of word usage. Take a little time
and read the definitions of these words: objective, subjective, worth,
value, morality, good, evil. I believe that if you think about the 
meaning of them for a while, you will have to conclude that there is no
such thing as an objective morality.


no, sheesh, didn't you know 666 is the beast's apartment?  667 is across the
hall from the beast, and is his neighbor along with the rest of the 6th floor.


This doesn't seem discordant to you?
Organization: "A World of Information at your Fingertips"
Keywords: 



Craig,

You should still consider the Targa+. I run windows 3.1 on it all the
time at work and it works fine. I think all you need is the right
driver. 

The Centaur that is being built for T4 would be a better bet to integrate 
onto the Proton as the T4/Centaur is designed for the Extremely Harsh 
envorinment of the T4 launch. It is also closer to 4 m in diameter. 

You've hit on the real kicker, however. The Centaur is pressure stabilized. 
It cannot hold up its own weight without pressure in the tanks. Additionally, 
the pressure difference between the two tanks must be maintained to ~+/- 5 psi. 
That is rather tight to be rocking and rolling on the train. The pressure 
stabilization is how centaur achieves the performance. On numerous occasions
(when I was there 88-91) the AF wanted to see what it would take to make 
a non-pressure stabilized centaur. The answer -- a centaur not worth launching. 

The Atlas/Centaur does not require on-pad integration, however the T4/Centaur
does. I believe the on-pad integration is to a great extent due to the 
cleanliness requirements and PFL configuration, so maybe something can be 
done there........



The addition of LOX/LH facilities is critical as the centaur tops off as it 
lifts off. A LHe facility is also needed. I don't know what the proton uses 
for fuel, but since they are derived from ICBM's I would suspect that they 
use storable propellants which don't have the ullage problem that cryo's 
do. If there is no cryo at the sight at all, the addition of these systems 
could be big $$, not to mention the real tech transfer issues involved with 
providing centaur GSE to Russia. That issue alone might be enough to kill 
this idea. 

In response to a lot of email I've gotten, I need to clarify my position.

I am not in favor of paganism.

I am not in favor of the Easter Bunny or other non-Christian aspects of
Easter as presently celebrated.  (Incidentally, Easter eggs are not
non-Christian; they are a way of ending the Lenten fast.)

My point was to distinguish between
  (1) intentionally worshipping a pagan deity, and
  (2) doing something which may once have had pagan associations, but
nowadays is not understood or intended as such.

Many people who are doing (2) are being accused of (1).

It would be illogical to claim that one is "really" worshipping a
pagan deity without knowing it.  Worship is a matter of intention.
One cannot worship without knowing that one is doing so.
I've just read Carol's response and I just had to get into this.  I've
got some verses which are not subject to interpretation because they say
what they say.  They are 2 Peter 1:20-21, 2 Timothy 3:16-17, and
Galatians 1:11-12.  

Also, based on the fact that Jesus is the Word incarnate and he judges
people if they follow him (see Acts 17:29-31 and John 5:21-27) and that
those who reject Jesus' teachings are judged by the very words he spoke
(see John 12:47-50), then Jesus' words are true and do not need
interpretation, nor would it be just of God to judge based on his word
if it had to be interpreted.


HEAR HEAR!!!


REALLY? i thought that the reason it was 42 was that it is REALLY 24, but
written as 42 so that on Intel chips you could get the proper value :)

-pete

help stomp out the endian wars... break some eggs on their sides!



Lot's of these small miners  are no longer miners.  THey are people living
rent free on Federal land,  under the claim of being a miner.  The facts are
many of these people do not sustaint heir income from mining,  do not
often even live their full time,  and do fotentimes do a fair bit
of environmental damage.

These minign statutes were created inthe 1830's-1870's  when the west was
uninhabited  and were designed to bring people into the frontier.  Times change
people change.  DEAL.  you don't have a constitutional right to live off
the same industry forever.  Anyone who claims the have a right to their
job in particular,  is spouting nonsense.   THis has been a long term
federal welfare program,  that has outlived it's usefulness.
What are the consequences of the homophobic ranting of the
self-righteous?  Well, I just noted this on another group,
and thought I'd pass it along.  The context is talk.origins,
and a report of yet another "debate" that was nothing but an
attempt at mindless bullying and factless assertion by a
standard-issue Creationist.  The writer reflects that the
behavior reported reminds him of some Christian groups he has
known.  I believe that the writer is a (non-homosexual) Christian:

+	There is a very effective technique used to promote
+	unit cohesion among the Soldiers of the Lord.  It is
+	called "witnessing"...  I've seen this process used well
+	and poorly; the near devil worship I mention was a group 
+	... that was using the witnessing to get people lathered
+	up to go kill homosexuals or at least terrorize them off 
+	campus as it was clearly God's will that they do so.

I have deleted the specifics of the location, as I do not
believe it characteristic of the place (a state in which I
spent my formative first 10 years), though it *does* have,
unfortunately, a subpopulation that this remark fits to a tee.


SPECIFIC:
Basically to be able to do the things the big dadies can do.. Monitor, and
control if need be the Shuttle...

Such as the one in Australia and such....
He sounds really cute, Morte!  Kinds like _pete's dragon_, maybe smaller,
maybe a different species.. winge'd?  (shakespear wing-ED)

I've always hat a horde of mice to turn to for fun & sort of that kind of
mouse in Cinderella (walt disney).  I grew up sort of as an only child,
part time.. my siblings were 10-8-6 years older than me, so i was pretty
commonly a different sort of charater in their games (read: non speaking
hot cocoa-goffer, stand in (still silent) bad guy/good guy/etc), so my
mice were playmates, more than advisors.

Could curt, or whomever has a good list of books please post such list,
in all sorts of fields, like jungian, condensed buddist/etc philosophies,
multiple personailty disorders, or good fiction that has well worked
imaginary friends?

I hope I didn't award custody, Rich.  I purposely used "handle" in order to 
avoid doing so - i.e., that happens to be what religions do (of course there are
aberrations like "scientific" creationism).  I used "best" in part to indicate 
that science currently has a time of it with why and who, so these domains are
mostly ignored.  I also attempted to be brief, which no doubt confused the
matter.  As an aside, for science I should have written "how and when".  Nobody
seems to argue over what.


Seems to me that the answer would vary from individual to individual.  I'm not
trying to be evasive on this, but from a societal perspective, religion works.
On the other hand, sometimes it is abused and misused, and many suffer, which
you know.  But the net result seems positive, this from the anthropological
perspective on human affairs.  You might call me a neo-Fruedian insofar as I 
think the masses can't get along without religion.  Not that generally they are 
incapable; they just don't, and for myriad reasons, but the main one seems to 
be the promise of immortality.  Very seductive, that immortality.  Therefore 
it seems that theologians are better equipped than the others you mention for 
dispensing answers to "who and why".  I suggest that this holds regardless of 
the "truth" in their answers to who and why simply because people believe.  
In the end, spiritual beliefs are just as "real" as scientific facts and 
explanation (CAUTION TO SOME: DO NOT TAKE THIS OUT OF CONTEXT).  


No.  In fact, I don't think it is closed now, at least for some individuals. 
Isn't there a group of theoretical physicists who argue that matter was 
created from nothing in a Big Bang singularity?  This approach might 
presuppose an absence of who and why, except that it seems it could be argued 
that something had to be responsible for nothing?  Maybe that something doesn't
have to be supernatural, maybe just mechanistic.  But that's a tough one for
people today to grasp.  In any case, theory without empirical data is not 
explanation, but then your question does not require data.  In other words, 
I agree that theorizing (within scientific parameters) is just as scientific 
as explaining.  So the answer is, who and why are not closed to scientists, but 
I sense that science in these realms is currently very inadequate.  Data will 
be necessary for improvement, and that seems a long way off, if ever.  Pretty 
convoluted here; I hope I've made sense.  


I agree generally.  But I prefer to put it this way - the *questions* of how, 
when, who and why were not open to inquiry.  During the Enlightenment, 
reason was reponsible for questioning the theological answers to how and when, 
and not, for the most part, who and why.  Science was thus born out of the 
naturalists' curiosity, eventually carting away the how and when while largely 
leaving behind the who and why.  The ignorant, the selfish, the intolerant, and
the arrogant, of course, still claim authority in all four domains.



Much obliged.  Funny how facts tend to muddle things, isn't it?  Well, I am
sure there are plenty of "scientific" creationist "rebuttals" out there 
somewhere, even if they have to be created from nothing.

[just for the record, again, AMH = anatomically modern humans] 

Best regards :-),
I am coordinating the Space Shuttle Program Office's e-mail traffic to
NPO Energia for our on-going Joint Missions.  I have several e-mail
addresses for NPO Energia folks, but I won't post them on the 'Net for
obvious reasons.  If you need to know, give me a yell.

-- Ken Jenks, NASA/JSC/GM2, Space Shuttle Program Office
      kjenks@gothamcity.jsc.nasa.gov  (713) 483-4368
Hi Damon,  No matter what system or explanation of creation you wish
to accept, you always have to start with one of two premises, creation
from nothing, or creation from something.  There are no other
alternatives.  And if we accept one or the other of those two
premises, then again there are two alternatives, either creation was
random, or was according to some plan.
   If it was random, I am unable to accept that the complex nature of
our world with interrelated interdependent organisms and creatures
could exist as they do.  Therefore I am left with creation under the
control of an intelligence capable of devising such a scheme.  I call
that intelligence God.
   I also prefer the "Creatio ex nihilo" rather than from chaos, as it
is cleaner.
   There is obviously no way to prove either or neither.  We are and
we must have come from somewhere.  Choose whatever explanation you
feel most comfortable with, Damon.  You are the one who has to live
with your choice.
Shalom,                                  Len Howard

Hello everybody !

If you are using PIXAR'S RenderMan 3D scene description language for creating 3D worlds, please, help me. 

I'm using RenderMan library on my NeXT but there is no documentation about NeXTSTEP version of RenderMan available. I can create very complicated scenes and render them using surface shaders, 
but I can not bring them to life by applying shadows and reflections.

As far as I understand I have to define environmental and shadows maps to produce reflections and shadows, but I do not know how to use them.

Any advises or simple RIB or C examples will be appreciated.
Thanks in advance...

I just started reading the group. I was wondering if someone
could re-post exactly what the Prophetic Warning to NYC was.

Thanks
-jh


Please note that there are some radiosity packages in my Resource Listing
(under the Subject 3: FTP list)

Greetings,
Nick.
--
Nick (Nikolaos) Fotis         National Technical Univ. of Athens, Greece
HOME: 16 Esperidon St.,       InterNet : nfotis@theseas.ntua.gr
      Halandri, GR - 152 32   UUCP:    mcsun!ariadne!theseas!nfotis
      Athens, GREECE          FAX: (+30 1) 77 84 578

USENET Editor of comp.graphics Resource Listing and soc.culture.greece FAQ
NTUA/UA ACM Student Chapter Chair - we're organizing a small conference
        in Comp. Graphics, call if you're interested to participate.




Careful.  Making statements about how solid state is (generally) more
reliable than analog will get you a nasty follow-up from Tommy Mac or
Pat.  Wait a minute; you *are* Pat.  Pleased to see that you're not
suffering from the bugaboos of a small mind.  ;-)

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden


There is another way to view this.  The True Celebration is Easter,
the Resurrection of Our Lord.  This has been true from the foundation
of the world.  Pagan practices are then either:

1. foreshadowings of the True Celebration of the Resurrection, 
   in which dim light was shone forth so that people would
   recognize the full truth when it was manifested, OR

2. satanic counterfeits intended to deceive us so that we would not
   recognize the truth when it was manifested.

I don't believe the second argument, because I believe in the power
of the Resurrection, the fulfillment of the Incarnation, and our hope.
Earlier or parallel ideas in other religions clearly are dim images of
the truth of the Resurrection.  As Paul states, we see through a glass
darkly.  So do others.  It serves no purpose arguing about who has
the darker or lighter glass.  The foreshadowings are not perfect.
So what? Our understnding of God is today imperfect, for we are not
yet perfected.  Theosis is not a gift such that WHAM, we're perfect.

Larry Overacker (llo@shell.com)
-- 


Isn't that interesting?!  In the Jewish tradition you are incredibly
wrong!  They originate in the Torah and with Jewish ancestors,
specifically the Patriarch Abraham (z"l).  That knowledge was sent East
to India and China when Abraham gave "gifts" (the commentators to Jewish
scripture say this was the knowledge of the occult arts) to all the rest
of his children when he sent them away to the East.  This assured that
Isaac only, who remained with Abraham, would inherit his most important
spiritual gifts, what eventually became Judaism.

So you see, other religions can have very parochial views too.  By the
Jewish view, you are very mistaken, your scripture are not scripture,
your gods are not gods, your practices a jumble of errors that lead
people to idol worship and away from God.  That doesn't stop us from
respecting you to the extent of not trying to convert you or proselytize
you and being willing to dialog in a respectful manner.  We're content
to let you live the way you care to live as long as you leave us be.  We
are happy to co-exist as long as you give us the same right.

But your incredible rudeness and violent nature seems to preclude that.
Too bad.  Is this typical of your religion?


You are a most presumptuous fellow!  How dare you presume that the
"typical" New Ager doesn't acknowledge God and is selfish.  What trite,
self-righteous, ego-ful garbage!  There are Buddhists, Christians, Jews,
and those of many other religions here on this newsgroups for whom your
words are simple slander.


Of course, from the Jewish perspective you are incredibly wrong.  We'd
say that there is no "godhead" -- just created beings who may be
enjoying a good laugh at your expense.


So not only are we selfish, we are also thieves and liars!  And you
expect any of us to pay attention to you and your "religion?"  Why not
call us more name?   Maybe then we'll all convert in gratefullness!


You delude yourself.





First I've heard of it. Offhand:

Griffin is no longer an "office" head, so that's bad.

On the other hand:

Regress seemed to think: we can't fund anything by Griffin, because
that would mean (and we have the lies by the old hardliners about the
$ 400 billion mars mission to prove it) that we would be buying into a
mission to Mars that would cost 400 billion. Therefore there will be
no Artemis or 20 million dollar lunar orbiter et cetera...

They were killing Griffin's main program simply because some sycophants
somewhere had Congress beleivin that to do so would simply be to buy into
the same old stuff. Sorta like not giving aid to Yeltsin because he's
a communist hardliner.

At least now the sort of reforms Griffin was trying to bring forward
won't be trapped in their own little easily contained and defunded
ghetto. That Griffin is staying in some capacity is very very very
good. And if he brings something up, noone can say "why don't you go
back to the OSE where you belong" (and where he couldn't even get money
for design studies).
Just a quick reminder:  

	The way you are interpreting those passages is your opinion.  You make
	it sound as if your opinion is somehow an undisputable fact.

	Many would interpret the passages you cite very differently.

	(Many have--several of the great theologians you mentioned do that 
	very thing.  These were people who had much more expertise in the
	interpretation of scripture than you or me or probably anyone reading
	this newsgroup.  To say that all of them are wrong and you are right
	is, in my opinion, (notice those last three words) coming pretty darn
	close to the sin of pride.  

	In the future I would suggest you not be so absolutist in your 
	interpretations, especially when contradicting highly respected
	doctors of Christianity.

I have no doubt that God hears everybody's prayers.
However, He does things His way, i.e. things will happen
only if it is His will.

Now if the question really is "Does God grant everybody's wishes ?"
then you'll get a brutal shot of reality similar to when you didn't
get that toy you wanted for Christmas. You just cannot expect
to get everything you want in this world.

-- 
I told some friends of mine two weeks ago that Koresh was dead.  The FBI and
the BATF could not let a man like that live.  He was a testimonial to their
stupidity and lies.    

Now before everyone gets crazy with me, let me say that Koresh was crazy as 
a bed bug, but out government was crazier...and they lied to us.

They told us compound had been under survaillance for quite some time.  Yet, 
whoever was watching the place failed to see that Koresh went jogging and into
town on a regular basis.  Everyone in the area claimed to have seen him and 
wondered why they didn't pick him up then.  There are two possible answers.
First, they didn't see him.  What kind of survaillance is that?  Second, they
didn't care.  They wanted a confrontation.  They wanted publicity and they got
it.

After the first battle, they told us that they did not know he knew they were
coming.  They also said it would have been foolish to go in knowing that.
Well, we know now that they intercepted the informants call and went in anyway.

Did they explore all of the possibilities for ending the seige?  According to
them they did, but according to the Hartford Courant, the woman that raised
Koresh (His Grandmother) was not allowed to go in and see him.                 
 The FBI agent who she spoke with was Bob Ricks and according to the paper he

"A lot of people think if you just talk to them logically they will come out.
His grandmother raised Vernon Howell; (Koresh's Real name)  she didn't raise
David Koresh."

Someone who raises you and loves you does not speak to you strickly on a
logical level.  There is also an emotional level on which they can reach you.

Here's another one.  All during this operation the FBI has been claiming that
they feared a mass suicide and that is one of the reasons that something must
be done.  Now they claim they never thought he would do it?

I knew they were going to do something when they started talking about how
much money this was costing.  That was the start of the "Justification" part
part of the plan.  That's when I knew it would come soon.

But, back to the plan.  It is considered "Cruel and Unusal Punishment" to
execute criminals in the minds of many people, but look at what's acceptable.

They knew the parents (adults) had gas masks.  They did not know, or were not
sure, if the children had them.  So the plan was to pour the gas into the 
compound.  The mothers, seeing what the gas was doing to their children were
supposed to run out and that would only leave the men to deal with.

I spent two years in the army and like everyother veteran I went through CBR
(Chemical, Biological Radiological) warfare training.  Part of that training
is going into a room filled with the same stuff that the children were
subjected to.  To make the stuff really interesting the gas also has a chemical 
agent that irritates the skin.  You think its on fire.

I have no doubts the children would become hysterical.  Its not the kind of
thing you never want to do again.  This was the plan, the final solution.

We waited 444 days for our hostages to come home from Iran.  We gave these
people 51 days.  

I stated on several occasions that there was absolutely nothing in this whole
thing that the government could point to as a success.  Well, FBI agent Ricks
changed my mind.  Again a newclip from the Hartford Courant:

"And while expressing regret at the loss of life, he suggested that the
operation had been at least a modified success because not a single federal
shot had been fired and not a single federal agent had been hurt."

It took 17 dead children to get us that new definition of success.

One more thought.  The government claimed that they believed he had automatic
weapons on the premises. 
                                                      
        HE HAD A LICENSE FOR THE 50 CALIBER MACHINE GUN!

THEY KNEW DAMN WELL HE HAD ONE. THEY ALSO KNEW HE HAD IT LEGALLY!

Still, without the element of surprise they sent in agents to get him.
For all of this my President takes full responsibility.  What a guy!
I hope he gets it.
















 













In response to: Whitten@Fwva.Saic.Com (David Whitten):



And you responded:


Of course.  The feast WAS the Seder, and the accounts of it are very clear
on this point.

The difference is the connection between the bread and wine and the body
and blood of god.  This is an old association of the Tammuz/Osiris/Mithras
line, and not really related to Judaism.  In any case, I didn't really
intend to argue the point.  I saw a possible association and pointed it
out, but I haven't the foggiest notion what really happened.


	The word "released" is loaded:  until convicted in CXOurt,
	my children are my own.
Toronto Siggraph 
================

What: ``Chance's Art'': 2D Graphics and Animation on the Indigo.

By:    Ken Evans, Imagicians Artware, Inc. 

When:  Tuesday 20 April 1993 7:00pm-9:00pm 

Where: The McLuhan Centre for Culture and Technology
       University of Toronto
       39A Queen's Park Crescent
       Toronto

Who:   Members and non-members alike 
       (non-members encouraged to become members...)

Abstract:

Imagicians Artware, Inc. is entering into early beta site testing on Silicon 
Graphics workstations of a new 2D abstract artwork and animation package called 
Chance's Art.  The package will be described and demonstrated, and some of the 
technical issues will be discussed.  Marketing plans will be outlined.  The 
talk will also present some of the technical and business problems increasingly 
confronting small startup software companies today, and some of the 
opportunities this situation presents.

Time after the event will be allocated for hands-on demonstrations to 
interested parties.  Silicon Graphics is graciously providing an Indigo for 
this event.  Myck Kupka will also be demonstrating his computerized interactive 
reflective stereoscope, which is installed upstairs in the McLuhan Centre, so 
feel free to drop by for a demonstration before or after the event. BTW, be 
sure to sing "Happy Birthday, Myck"...

The names of nominees for our Siggraph executive offices will be announced at 
this meeting.  Nominations will still be open until the election at our 
May 18th event; call Myck Kupka at 465-0943 or fax to 465-0729.  

Directions: The McLuhan Coachhouse is on the east side of Queen's Park 
Crescent, just NORTH of Wellesley, SOUTH of St. Joseph St., BEHIND (EAST of) 
39 Queen's Park Crescent, which is the centre for Mediaeval Studies.  
Someone writing anonymously asks:


I *did* become a Christian without having been indoctrinated by my parents, and
having studied Buddhism fairly carefully and other religions to a lesser
degree.  I made a decision to accept the truth-claims of Christianity after
having given it a lot of thought.  (I have to point out that the process was not
purely a cold, rational one: there was a powerful experiential element as well.
Also, my Calvinist should rest assured that I don't lay any of the
responsibility for the outcome [my conversion] on anyone but God.)

It took me years and years for this all to happen, because I had many of the
objections that this poster puts forward.  I grew up in the shadow of [generic
authoritarian conservative denomination], and I *knew* that that wasn't a way
of life that I could adopt.  But I gradually learned not to tar all of
Christianity with the same brush, and realized quite suddenly one cold winter
night that I accepted what I had heretofore rejected.  I am quite certain that
I was not "brain-washed".

I would hardly consider the BD's to be Christian.  They were acting in
direct contradiction to scripture.  Jesus' Second Coming is something
that everyone will know of.  Jesus also predicted that there will be
false Messiahs who will use His name.  His prophecy has been fulfilled.


I agree with you there.
 

Me too.  I have already given my life to God.  If God tells me to lay
down my life, it will be to save another life.
 

Do you judge all Christians by the acts of those who would call
themselves Christian and yet are not?  The BD's contradicted scripture
in their actions.  They were NOT Christian.  Simple as that.  Perhaps
you have read too much into what the media has portrayed.  Ask any
true-believing Christian and you will find that they will deny any
association with the BD's.  Even the 7th Day Adventists have denied any
further ties with this cult, which was what they were.

Do you judge all Muslims by the acts committed by Saddam Hussein, a 
supposedly devout Muslim?  I don't.  Saddam is just a dictator using
the religious beliefs of his people to further his own ends.

God be with you,

Malcolm Lee   :)

Unfortunately, if you launch this from the US (or are a US citizen),
you will need a launch permit from the Office of Commercial Space
Transportation, and I think it may be difficult to get a permit for
an antisatellite weapon... :-)

The threshold at which OCST licensing kicks in is roughly 100km.
(The rules are actually phrased in more complex ways, but that is
the result.)


   > Why Paul, it's obvious.
   > Once chlorine chemistry has been banned on Earth,
   > as is being advocated by some groups, Ti prices will

   > :-) :-) :-) 

   Well, there already is a sulfate process for TiO2 purification.  The
   chlorine process is cleaner, however, and for that reason is achieving
   dominance in the marketplace.

Darn, caught by the white hot heat of technological progress again...

   Most Ti is used in pigment, btw (as the oxide), where it replaced
   white lead pigment some decades ago.  Very little is reduced to the
   metal.

Spoilsport. Hence the need for increasing fashion
emphasis on anodise Ti jewelry...

   > Seriously, I'd say there is a flaw in Gary's analysis
   > in that he assumes an export oriented economy, maybe
   > the lunatics will just want some native Ti for local
   > use...

   Which merely evades the issue of why those lunatics are
   there at all (and, why their children would want to stay.)

I did not evade the issue at all. I clearly stated that
this would be from diabolical foresight in establishing
a sheltered industrial base for the upcoming Great War ;-)
Very cost effective if you use the right accounting method :-)
Forwarded from:
PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICE
JET PROPULSION LABORATORY
CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
PASADENA, CALIF. 91109. (818) 354-5011

Contact:  Mary A. Hardin

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                              April 15, 1993
#1506

     Scientists at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory report the
successful flight of a balloon carrying instruments designed to
measure and study chemicals in the Earth's ozone layer.

     The April 3 flight from California's Barstow/Daggett Airport
reached an altitude of 37 kilometers (121,000 feet) and took
measurements as part of a program established to correlate data
with the Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite (UARS).  

     The data from the balloon flight will also be compared to
readings from the Atmospheric Trace Molecular Spectroscopy
(ATMOS) experiment which is currently flying onboard the shuttle
Discovery.

     "We launch these balloons several times a year as part of an
ongoing ozone research program.  In fact, JPL is actively
involved in the study of ozone and the atmosphere in three
important ways," said Dr. Jim Margitan, principal investigator on
the balloon research campaign.  

     "There are two JPL instruments on the UARS satellite," he
continued.  "The ATMOS experiment is conducted by JPL scientists,
and the JPL balloon research provides collaborative ground truth
for those activities, as well as data that is useful in its own
right."

     The measurements taken by the balloon payload will add more
pieces to the complex puzzle of the atmosphere, specifically the
mid-latitude stratosphere during winter and spring. 
Understanding the chemistry occurring in this region helps
scientists construct more accurate computer models which are
instrumental in predicting future ozone conditions.

     The scientific balloon payload consisted of three JPL
instruments:  an ultraviolet ozone photometer which measures
ozone as the balloon ascends and descends through the atmosphere;
a submillimeterwave limb sounder which looks at microwave
radiation emitted by molecules in the atmosphere; and a Fourier
transform infrared interferometer which monitors how the
atmosphere absorbs sunlight. 

     Launch occurred at about noontime, and following a three-
hour ascent, the balloon floated eastward at approximately 130
kilometers per hour (70 knots).  Data was radioed to ground
stations and recorded onboard.  The flight ended at 10 p.m.
Pacific time in eastern New Mexico when the payload was commanded
to separate from the balloon.

     "We needed to fly through sunset to make the infrared
measurements," Margitan explained, "and we also needed to fly in
darkness to watch how quickly some of the molecules disappear."

     It will be several weeks before scientists will have the
completed results of their experiments.  They will then forward
their data to the UARS central data facility at the Goddard Space
Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland for use by the UARS
scientists.    

     The balloon was launched by the National Scientific Balloon
Facility, normally based in Palestine, Tex., operating under a
contract from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility.  The balloon was
launched in California because of the west-to-east wind direction
and the desire to keep the operation in the southwest.

     The balloons are made of 20-micron (0.8 mil, or less than
one-thousandth of an inch) thick plastic, and are 790,000 cubic
meters (28 million cubic feet) in volume when fully inflated with
helium (120 meters (400 feet) in diameter).  The balloons weigh
between 1,300 and 1,800 kilograms (3,000 and 4,000 pounds).  The
scientific payload weighs about 1,300 kilograms (3,000) pounds
and is 1.8 meters (six feet) square by 4.6 meters (15 feet) high.

     The JPL balloon research is sponsored by NASA's Upper
Atmosphere Research Program and the UARS Correlative Measurements
Program.                        

A question for you - can you give me the name of an organization or a
philosophy or a political movement, etc., which has never had anything
evil done in its name?  You're missing a central teaching of Christianity -
man is inherently sinful.  We are saved through faith by grace.  Knowing
that, believing that, does not make us without sin.  Furthermore, not all
who consider themselves "christians" are (even those who manage to head
their own "churches").  "Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will
enter the kingdom of heaven, but only he who does the will of my Father who
is in heaven." - Matt. 7:21.


Again, what historical documents do you trust?  Do you think Hannibal
crossed the Alps?  How do you know?  How do you know for sure?  What
historical documents have stood the scrutiny and the attempts to dis-
credit it as well as the Bible has?


Well, it's really a shame you feel this way.  No one can browbeat you
into believing, and those who try will probably only succeed in driving
you further away.  You need to ask yourself some difficult questions:
1) is there an afterlife, and if so, does man require salvation to attain
it.  If the answer is yes, the next question is 2) how does man attain this
salvation - can he do it on his own as the eastern religions and certain
modern offshoots like the "new age movement" teach or does he require God's
help?  3) If the latter, in what form does - indeed, in what form can such
help come?  Needless to say, this discussion could take a lifetime, and for
some people it did comprise their life's writings, so I am hardly in a
position to offer the answers here - merely pointers to what to ask.  Few,
of us manage to have an unshaken faith our entire lives (certainly not me).
The spritual life is a difficult journey (if you've never read "A Pilgrim's
Progress," I highly recommend this greatest allegory of the english language).


Now I see by your close that one possible source of trouble for you may be a
conflict between your politcal beliefs and your religious upbringing.  You
wrote that "I (in my own faith) accept and live my life by many if not most
of the teachings of christ".  Well, Christ referred to God as "My Father",
not "My Mother", and while the "maleness" of God is not the same as the
maleness of those of us humans who possess a Y chromosome, it does not
honor God to refer to Him as female purely to be trendy, non-discriminatory,
or politically correct.  This in no way disparages women (nor is it my intent
to do so by my use of the male pronoun to refer to both men and women - 
english just does not have a decent neuter set of pronouns).  After all, God
chose a woman as his only human partner in bringing Christ into the human
population.

Well, I'm not about to launch into a detailed discussion of
the role of women in Christianity at 1am with only 6 hours of sleep in the
last 63, and for that reason I also apologize for any shortcomings in this
article.  I just happened across yours and felt moved to reply.  I hope I
may have given you, and anyone else who finds himself in a similar frame of
mind, something to contemplate.






It still applies, except the astronomy these days is Very Long Baseline
Radio Astronomy coupled to GPS and Satellite Laser Ranging. The data
from NASA's and the Naval Observatory's (among others) is a vital 
source of data for studies into crustal dynamics, Earth rotation, and
purturbations. Every time there is a leap second added to the New Year,
remember the military and science are still co-habiting nicely. The
same VLBI was used to track Gallileo as it passed the Earth, and used
so little fuel that it can afford to observe Ida. 
 
The Harvard Computer Society is pleased to announce its third lecture of
the spring.  Ivan Sutherland, the father of computer graphics and an
innovator in microprocessing, will be speaking at Harvard University on
Tuesday, April 20, 1993, at 4:00 pm in Aiken Computations building, room
101.  The title of his talk is "Logical Effort and the Conflict over the
Control of Information."

Cookies and tea will be served at 3:30 pm in the Aiken Lobby.  Admissions
is free, and all are welcome.

Aiken is located north of the Science Center near the Law School.

For more information, send e-mail to eekim@husc.harvard.edu.

The lecture will be videotaped, and a tape will be made available.

Thanks.


Nope, I haven't seen the film, but Taylor's biography ("The Curve of 
Binding Energy") contains a short section on Orion and this test flight.
Apparently it was quite impressi, and got von Braun very excited.

In Real Life:Mike Williams     | Perpetual Grad Student
e-mail      :mrw9e@virginia.edu|   - It's not just a job, it's an indenture


Jim,

Please feel free to correct me and give me some texts.  As far as I can see the
only text which vaugely relates to jewish evangelism is found in Mt. 23:15.
However since this is found only in Mt. it cannot be dated before 90CE which
makes it unusefull for understanding Second Temple Judaism. 
Suppose the Soviets had managed to get their moon rocket working
and had made it first.  They could have beaten us if either:

* Their rocket hadn't blown up on the pad thus setting them back,

and/or

* A Saturn V went boom.

If they had beaten us, I speculate that the US would have gone
head and done some landings, but we also would have been more
determined to set up a base (both in Earth Orbit and on the
Moon).  Whether or not we would be on Mars by now would depend
upon whether the Soviets tried to go.  Setting up a lunar base
would have stretched the budgets of both nations and I think
that the military value of a lunar base would outweigh the value
of going to Mars (at least in the short run).  Thus we would
have concentrated on the moon.


Whatabout, Schools, Universities, Rich Individuals (around 250 people 
in the UK have more than 10 million dollars each). I reecieved mail
from people who claimed they might get a person into space for $500
per pound. Send a skinny person into space and split the rest of the money
among the ground crew!
Agreed. I volunteer for any UK attempts. But one clause: No launch methods
which are clearly dangerous to the environment (ours or someone else's). No
usage of materials from areas of planetary importance.


Yes: We should *do* this rather than talk about it. Lobby people!
The major problem with the space programmes is all talk/paperwork and
no action!





Never said you didn't publish, merely that there is data you don't
publish,  and that no-one scoriates you for those cases.  

IBM research  publishes plenty, it's why you ended up  with 2 Nobel
prizes in the last 10 years,  but that some projects are deemed
company confidential.  ATT Bell Labs,  keeps lots of stuff private,
Like Karamankars algorithm.  Private moeny is entitled to do what
it pleases, within the bounds of Law,  and For all the keepers of the
temple of SCience,  should please shove their pointy little heads
up their Conically shaped Posterior Orifices.   

pat


Do you happen to know what a .SCO RIX file is?


Some VESA bios's support this mode (0x100).  And *any* VGA should be able to
support this (640x480 by 256 colors) since it only requires 256,000 bytes.
My 8514/a VESA TSR supports this; it's the only VESA mode by card can support
due to 8514/a restrictions. (A WD/Paradise)


...

But what was wrong with it?  It won't tempt anyone to any kind of sin, as
far as I can tell.  It doesn't belittle anyone.  It does not substitute
offensiveness for humor (it's genuinely funny).

We shouldn't assume that _all_ jokes that mention sexuality are "dirty"
merely because so many are.

And we should never mistake prudery for spirituality.  It can be the direct
opposite -- a symptom of the _lack_ of a healthy perspective on God's
creation.


I have stated before that I do not consider myself an atheist, but 
definitely do not believe in the christian god.  The recent discussion
about atheists and hell, combined with a post to another group (to the
effect of 'you will all go to hell') has me interested in the consensus 
as to how a god might judge men.  As a catholic, I was told that a jew,
buddhist, etc. might go to heaven, but obviously some people do not
believe this.  Even more see atheists and pagans (I assume I would be 
lumped into this category) to be hellbound.  I know you believe only
god can judge, and I do not ask you to, just for your opinions.

It helps to have some idea of the source of the distortion - or at least
a reasonable model of the class of distortion.  Below is a very short
description of the process which we use; if you have further questions,
feel free to poke me via e-mail.

================================================================
*ASSUME: locally smooth distortion

0) Compute the Delaunay Triangulation of your (x,y) points.  This
   defines the set of neighbors for each point.  If your data are
   not naturally convex, you may have very long edges on the convex hull.
   Consider deleting these edges.

1) Now, there are two goals:

    a) move the DistortedData(x,y) to the Reference(x,y)
    b) keep the Length(e) (as measured from the current (x,y)'s)
       as close as possible to the DigitizedLength(e) (as measured 
       using the digitized (x,y)'s).

2) For every point, compute a displacement based on a) and b).  For
   example:

    a) For (x,y) points for which you know the Reference(x,y), you
       can move alpha0*(Reference(x,y) - Current(x,y)).   This will
       slowly move the DistortedReference(x,y) towards the
       Reference(x,y). 
    b) For all other points, examine the current length of each edge.
       For each edge, compute a displacement which would make that edge
       the correct length (where "correct" is the DigitizedLength). 
       Take the vector sum of these edge displacements, and move the
       point alpha1*SumOfEdgeDisplacements.  This will keep the
       triangulated mesh consistent with your Digitized mesh.

3) Iterate 2) until you are happy (for example, no point moves very much).

alpha0 and alpha1 need to be determined by experimentation.   Consider
how much you believe the Reference(x,y) - i.e., do you absolutely insist
on the final points exactly matching the References, or do you want to
balance some error in matching the Reference against changes in length
of the edges.

WARNING: there are a couple of geometric invariants which must be
observed (essentially, you can't allow the convex hull to change, and
you can't allow triangles to "fold over" neighboring triangles.  Both of
these can be handled either by special case checks on the motion of
individual points, or by periodically re-triangulating the points (using 
the current positions - but still calculating DigitizedLength from the
original positions.  When we first did this, the triangulation time was
prohibitive, so we only did it once.  If I were motivated to try and
change code that has been working in production mode for 5 years, I
*might* go back and re-triangulate on every iteration.  If you have more
compute power than you know what to do with, you might consider having
every point interact with every other point....but first read up on
linear solutions to the n-body problem.

There are lots of papers in the last 10 years of SIGGRAPH proceedings on
springs, constraints,  and energy calculations which are relevant.  The
above method is described, in more or less detail in:

@inproceedings{Sloan86,
author="Sloan, Jr., Kenneth R. and David Meyers and Christine A.~Curcio",
title="Reconstruction and Display of the Retina",
booktitle="Proceedings: Graphics Interface '86 Vision Interface '86",
address="Vancouver, Canada",
pages="385--389",
month="May",
year=1986  }

@techreport{Curcio87b,
author="Christine A.~Curcio and Kenneth R.~Sloan and David Meyers",
title="Computer Methods for Sampling, Reconstruction, Display, and
Analysis of Retinal Whole Mounts",
number="TR 87-12-03",
institution="Department of Computer Science, University of Washington",
address="Seattle, WA",
month="December",
year=1987  }

@article{Curcio89,
author="Christine A.~Curcio and Kenneth R.~Sloan and David Meyers",
title="Computer Methods for Sampling, Reconstruction, Display, and
Analysis of Retinal Whole Mounts",
journal="Vision Research",
volume=29,
number=5,
pages="529--540",
year=1989  }
 



Be warned, it is not my job to convert you.  That is the job of
the Holy Spirit.  And I, frankly, make a lousy one.  I am only
here to testify.  Your conversion is between you and God.  I am
"out of the loop".  If you decide to follow Jesus, of which I
indeed would be estatic, then all the glory be to God.


Well, first you work out how much cold gas you need, then make the
tanks big enough.

Working out how much cold gas is another problem, depending on
vehicle configuration, flight duration, thruster Isp (which couples
into storage pressure, which may be a factor in selecting tank
wall thickness etc.)
[snip]
(the 3DO is not a 68000!!!)
[snip]


The 3DO box is based on an ARM RISC processor, one or two custom graphics
chips, a DSP, a double-speed CDROM, and 2MB of RAM/VRAM. (I'm a little
fuzzy on the breakdown of the graphics chips and RAM/VRAM capacity).

It was demonstrated at a recent gathering at the Electronic Cafe in
Santa Monica, CA. From 3DO, RJ Mical (of Amiga/Lynx fame) and Hal
Josephson (sp?) were there to talk about the machine and their plan. We
got to see the unit displaying full-screen movies using the CompactVideo codec
(which was nice, very little blockiness showing clips from Jaws and Backdraft)
... and a very high frame rate to boot (like 30fps).

Note however that the 3DO's screen resolution is 320x240.

CompactVideo is pretty amazing... I also wanted to point out that QuickTime
does indeed slow down when one dynamically resizes material as was stated
above... I'm sure if the material had been compressed at the large size
then it would play back fine (I have a Q950 and do this quite a bit). The
price of generality... personally I don't use the dynamic sizing of movies
often, if ever. But playing back stuff at its original size is plenty quick
on the latest 040 machines.

I'm not sure how a Centris/20MHz 040 stacks up against the 25 MHz ARM in
the 3DO box. Obviously the ARM is faster, but how much?


The same way that any theory is proven false.  You examine the predicitions
that the theory makes, and try to observe them.  If you don't, or if you
observe things that the theory predicts wouldn't happen, then you have some 
evidence against the theory.  If the theory can't be modified to 
incorporate the new observations, then you say that it is false.

For example, people used to believe that the earth had been created
10,000 years ago.  But, as evidence showed that predictions from this 
theory were not true, it was abandoned.


Andrew,

   How I wish this were true, and how I long for the day in which it will
be true.  But alas, it is not true of history.  The Bible does not have a 
message -- it has messages.  And some of those are messages of repentance and
giving, to turn the other cheek, and do unto the least of these.  But some
of the messages are the complete opposite.  Like the isrealites order to 
wipe out other tribes including women and children down to cattle, and 
punished severely when they were less than complete about the job.  Like
jews who are said to have cried out in Matthew, "His blood be upon our heads
and our childrens heads" A verse quoted in every pogrom from the crusades to
the holocaust.  Have these been misunderstood?  I think not.  They have only
been understood too clearly.  It is essential that christians grasp firmly
the good the bible teaches, the meek carpenter from Nazareth is a potent 
symbol for how we should be, his teachings we must take to heart, but we
cannot ignore the other material in the bible which is not to our liking and
say those who live by that have misread it.  To say that is only to chose a
point of interpretation and declare it normative.  Such can be done with the
same legitmacy by anyone.  Instead we must let the text critique the text.
Understanding that there is both good and bad in our sacred corpus, we test
all things and hold fast to that which is good. 

At the risk of sounding heretical (well ok, more heretical) I don't think
that doubt is something which requires forgiveness, it is something which
requires introspection and reflection.  If that is a sin, then there can
be no salvation, for doubt is an inescapble part of being human.  Consider
Job.  His friends had no doubt. Whereas Job had no doubt in himself but
doubted the wisdom and justice of God.  When God finally did appear he 
rebuked the friends and had job make sacrifices for them.  To be a Christian
it to always have doubt, or not to have honesty.

I assume you have evidence that he was responsible for the deaths?
 

Again, I'd like to see some evidence.
 

Once again, where's your proof? Suicide is considered a sin by Branch
Davidians.  Also, Koresh said over and over again that he was not going to
commit suicide.  Furthermore, all the cult experts said that he was not
suicidal.  David Thibedeau (sp?), one of the cult members, said that the fire
was started when one of the tanks spraying the tear gas into the facilities
knocked over a lantern.
 

Evidence please?


I'd like to point out that the Bible says "Do not commit murder." The NKJ
translation mistranslates.  Self-defense was never considered murder.  The
reason why they were stockpiling weapons is because they were afraid the
government would try something.  Their fears were obviously well founded.
--Ray Cote

That's a very weak argument--due the lack (with regard to critical
events) of independent supporting texts.

As for the dating of the oldest extant texts of the NT....  How would
you feel about the US Civil War in a couple of thousand years if the
only extant text was written about *now*?  Now adjust for a largely
illiterate population, and one in which every copy of a manuscript is
done by hand....

	--Hal




The name is rather descriptive.  It's a command to the spacecraft that tells
it "If you don't hear from Earth after 264 hours, assume something is wrong
with your (the spacecraft) attitude, and go into a preprogrammed search mode
in an attempt to reacquire the signal from Earth."

Between Adam and Eve and Golgotha the whole process of the fall of man
occurred.  This involved a gradual dimming of consciousness of the spiritual
world.  This is discernable in the world outlooks of different peoples through
history.  The Greek, for example, could say, "better a beggar in the land
of the living than a king in the land of the dead." (Iliad, I think).

The question of what happens to human beings who died before Christ is
an ever present one with Christians.  I am not ready to conscign Adam
or Abraham, or even Cain to eternal damnation.  Yet they all died in their
sins, in the Christian sense.  The same can be said of the whole of  Gentile
humanity, and also of the unrepentant malefactor on the cross next to
him.  I do not limit the power of Christ to save even him, through whom
Satan would mock his deed of salvation at the very moment of its fulfillment.


It is possible to experience eternity in a passing moment.  The
relationship of eternity to duration is not simply one of indefinitely
extended conditions of Greenwich mean time. It is possible to imagine
an eternity of agony or bliss - or even many of them - in the
spiritual world during the time between earthly death and a new birth.

It was also a standard belief among many peoples that even the righteous
were lost. This again is the result of the loss of the paradisal consciousness
that fled from us after the fall, with our ever increasing involvement with
the sense world.

It would be interesting to share in the results of your studies of ancient
people's ideas of life after death.


Mankind fell into mist and darkness, and at "the turning point of
time" a new light entered into the world.  The light still grows, and
we are developing the eyes with which to see by it.  Much new
revelation and growth in under- standing lies before us.  Our new
vision and understanding is still very feeble, but it contains
something new that will grow in time to embrace that which is old and
much more as well.

(At this point I should acknowledge openly my debt to the work of Rudolf
Steiner, founder of Anthroposophy, for  many insights that have led me to my
views on this subject).


The way you refer to it as "doctrine" puts a modern intellectual coloring
on it. I think it was much less abstract and much more real and spiritually
concrete, a teaching that struck much closer to home than our doctrines or
teachings today can be received.

I am not so ready to attribute widespread notions in antiquity to
simple dispersion from an original source.  Even if they were passed
on, the question is, to what extent did they reflect real perception
and experience?  The similarity in the midst of great variety of
expression of the different people's ideas of the time immediately
after death testifies to the presence of an underlying reality.  In
any case, we study geometry not by reading old manuscripts of Euclid,
but by contemplating the principles themselves.

On the other hand, there is one notion firmly embedded in Christianity
that originated most definitely in a pagan source.  The idea that the
human being consists essentially of soul only, and that the soul is
created at birth, was consciously adopted from Aristotle, whose ideas
dominated Christian thought for fifteen hundred years and still does
today. He was at once the father of modern thought and at the same
time lived during that darkened time when the perception of our
eternal spiritual being had grown dim.


Indeed. I should also clarify that I do not deny that eternal
irrevocable damnation is a real possibility.  But the narrow range in
which we conceive of the decisive moment, i.e. after the end of a
single earthly life, is not in my mind sufficient to embrace the
reality, and I think that is why the early creeds were couched in
terms that did not try to spell it out.

This past week I've been playing with some of the R-D (Reaction-
Diffusion, not to be confused with RDS or R&D) techniques
from SIGGRAPH '91.

I was wondering what material is available to explain the control
mechanism a little more.  It seems to me very much like a matter of
picking random magic numbers and sitting back and waiting.  Although
both of the papers (Turk and Witkin & Kass) were very well organized
and extremely helpful, I guess what I need is a more basic description
of the technique, especially wrt the control mechanisms.  The tests
that I did had a tendency to either turn into blurry mud or become
unstable.

Is there any info available online?  Source code would be great but
not necessary.

Thanks!


-- 

...
Hi guys.

I am scanning in a color image and it looks fine on the screen.  When I 
converted it into PCX,BMP,GIF files so as to get it into MS Windows the colors
got much lighter.  For example the yellows became white.  Any ideas?


	Is the so-called material world "outside" the Kingdom of God?
	

	Aha, animals are inferior, and humans are superior.
	Huh?

	[Isn't the desire to be superior so "overwhelming?"]
	[that humans constantly "put down" even innocent animals.]
	

---raj

Apollo was done the hard way, in a big hurry, from a very limited
technology base... and on government contracts.  Just doing it privately,
rather than as a government project, cuts costs by a factor of several.


Here at Lewis and Clark College we have recently installed a Digital Film
system (based on the Mac Quadra) that does non-linear, full digital editing.

If you're considering such a system, here are the pros and cons:

For the educational environment, this system is excellent.  We use it to
produce a variety of educational materials for disemination on our local
network.  Because this programming is going to be viewed on other Macs, the
image quality is not as important as the ability to directly export the
video to the Net.

We also use it to produce orientiation and promotional video programs for
use by the Lewis & Clark community.  Since these programs are not meant for
commercial or broadcast use, image quality is not critical.

The Digital Film system, for those of you who are uninitiated, is an A/B roll
digitizing system on one $5000 JPEG compression card.  It was promoted as
an inexpensive online editing system with SVHS quality.  SuperMac, the maker
of the card, is trying to achieve this quality level, but as yet, has been
unable to deliver.  Our system produces "near VHS" quality at 30 fields per
second (640x480 overscan).  The card repeats every other field to get 60
fields per second.  This results in a kind of Super 8 film look that some
find distracting.

If you can get past this problem, you'll find the Adobe Premier editing 
software quite enjoyable with which to work.  It produces thousands of
different effects from crystalize filters to DVE transitions to color matting.

Because of its non-linear nature, editing is fast and easy.  If you've ever
used (or seen used) an AVID or Montage system, you'll recognize the methodology
and the user interface.

The total system with Quadra 950 (40Megs of RAM), 1 gig drive, 21" Apple mon-
itor, Panasonic SVHS 1960 edit deck, audio gear (cassette, CD, EQ, mixer, etc),
Composite monitor, Digital Film card will set you back about $20,000.

For you video cowboys and girls, this system will not output at a quality
that will satisfy most of your clients.  Even though you can perform more
effects than a toasterhead can imagine, an Amiga based off-line based system
will look better.

We use both Macs and Amigas for our video work.  Each for what each does best!


In the UIBM PC world, how much of a "standard" has VESA become for
SVGA graphics?  I know there are lots of graphics-board companies out 
there, as well as several graphics chips manufacturers- are they adhering to
the VESA standard, and what effect is/will the VESA Local Bus have on all
of this?
Anyone?

Forwarded from the Mars Observer Project

                       MARS OBSERVER STATUS REPORT
                             April 23, 1993
                              10:00 AM PDT

Flight Sequence C8 is active, the Spacecraft subsystems and instrument
payload performing well in Array Normal Spin and outer cruise
configuration, with uplink and downlink via the High Gain Antenna; uplink
at 125 bps, downlink at the 2 K Engineering data rate.

As a result of the spacecraft entering Contingency Mode on April 9, all
payload instruments were automatically powered off by on-board fault
protection software.  Gamma Ray Spectrometer Random Access Memory
was successfully reloaded on Monday, April 19.  To prepare for
Magnetometer Calibrations which were rescheduled for execution in Flight
Sequence C9 on Tuesday and Wednesday of next week, a reload of Payload
Data System Random Access Memory will take place this morning
beginning at 10:30 AM.

Over this weekend, the Flight Team will send real-time commands to
perform Differential One-Way Ranging to obtain additional data for
analysis by the Navigation Team.  Radio Science Ultra Stable Oscillator
testing will take place on Monday .

The Flight Sequence C9 uplink will occur on Sunday, April 25, with
activation at Midnight, Monday evening April 26.  C9 has been modified to
include Magnetometer Calibrations which could not be performed in C8 due
to Contingency Mode entry on April 9.  These Magnetometer instrument
calibrations will allow the instrument team to better characterize the
spacecraft-generated magnetic field and its effect on their instrument.
This information is critical to Martian magnetic field measurements
which occur during approach and mapping phases. MAG Cals will require
the sequence to command the spacecraft out of Array Normal Spin state
and perform slew and roll maneuvers to provide the MAG team data points
in varying spacecraft attitudes and orientations.

Actually, there is one condemnation of lesbian acts in the Bible, Romans
1:26.

I think. In

There are plenty who don't read the Bible.
Or pray for that matter.
News-Software: UReply 3.1
X-X-From: Wingert@VNET.IBM.com (Bret Wingert)
            <C5uBn5.tz@zoo.toronto.edu>

 ========================================================================
A couple of points on this thread.

1. We have been using our processes since way before Challenger.  Challenger
   in and of it self did not uncover flaws.

2. What Mr. Spencer says is by and large true.  We have a process that is
   not dependent on "sophisticated tools"  (CASE tools?).  However, tools
   cannot fix a bad process.  Also, tool support for HAL/S (the Shuttle
   Language) is somewhat limited.

3. The Onboard Flight Software project was rated "Level 5" by a NASA team.
   This group generates 20-40 KSLOCs of verified code per year for NASA.

4. Feel free to call me if you or your organization is interested in more info
   on our software development process.

Bret Wingert


(713)-282-7534
FAX: (713)-282-8077


Bret Wingert


DFW was designed with the STS in mind (which really mean very little).  Much of
their early PR material had scenes with a shuttle landing and two or three
others pulled up to gates.  I guess they were trying to stress how advanced the
airport was.

For Dallas types:  Imagine the fit Grapevine and Irving would be having if the
shuttle WAS landing at DFW. (For the rest, they are currently having some power
struggles between the airport and surrounding cities).




Where do insparations/Miracles fit in?  I was a new reader to the bible
and Qu'ran at the same time in my life and I can tell you that I would 
have drifted in my faith if Those books were not exposed to me.




The sightings were apparently spurious.  There is no planet inside of
the orbit of Mercury.

The idea of Vulcan came from the differences between Mercury's observed
perihelion precession and the value it should have had according to
Newtonian physics.  Leverrier made an extensive set of observations
and calculations during the mid 19th century, and Simon Newcombe later
improved on the observations and re-calculated using Leverrier's system
of equations.  Now Leverrier was one of the co-discoverers of Neptune
and since he had predicted its existence based on anomalies in the orbit
of Uranus his inclination was to believe the same sort of thing was
afoot with Mercury.

But alas, 'twere not so.  Mercury's perihelion precesses at the rate
it does because the space where it resides near the sun is significantly
curved due to the sun's mass.  This explanation had to wait until 1915
and Albert Einstein's synthesis of his earlier theory of the electrodynamics
of moving bodies (commonly called Special Relativity) with Reimanian 
geometry.  The result was the General Theory of Relativity, and one of
it's most noteworthy strengths is that it accounts for the precession
of Mercury's perihelion almost exactly.  (Exactly if you use Newcomb's
numbers rather than Leverrier's.)

Of course not everybody believes Einstein, and that's fine.  But subsequent
efforts to find any planets closer to the sun than Mercury using radar
have been fruitless.

-Bill Gawne

 "Forgive him, he is a barbarian, who thinks the customs of his tribe
  are the laws of the universe."                       - G. J. Caesar
/(hudson)
/Yes you do.  Who is to say that it is immoral for onesself to experience
/pain or to be hurt in some other way.  Maybe unpleasant, but that doesn't
/say anything about morality.

It violates free will, Hudson.



(me)

/(hudson)
/Why is making someone a less productive member of society immoral?

Hudson, you are screwing up again.  Morality does not (I say again, DOES
NOT) define only "right and wrong".  It also defines "acceptable social
behavior", without any overtones of good and evil.  Picking up your trash
is not really a right/wrong moral issue in the eternal sense of Good
and Evil.  Yet it is moral in the sense that it is acceptable social
behavior".  

Your definition of the word "morality" is what is causing you to trip over 
yourself here.




/(me)
/And since
/>I, selfish being that I am, want to maximize my gains from society, I will
/>not do anything to another member of society if that action might cut down
/>on how much benefit I can derive from society.

/(hudson)
/Why is your benefit somehow related to morality.

Again, your definition is causing you to shoot yourself in the foot.





/(hudson)
/What about if someone feels that their own personal benefit is enhanced
/more than it would be damaged by depleting the overall resources of society?
/Maybe something might hurt society, but it would help him immensly?

That is irrational thinking.  

There may also be people out there who think that death by atomic 
destruction is  a sublime and wonderful thing. I am not going to let them
execute that idea just because they want to do it. 

Simply because I let people make up their minds about what morals they
have doesn't prevent me from spotting and stopping a madman when I see
one, Hudson.  And even then, I will only stop him when he interferes 
with me and my life.  That is the difference between me and you:  you
want to interfere in people's lives even when they aren't affecting
you.  





/(hudson)
/The central character in Dostoevsky's novel, Crime and Punishment, 
/(R something or other) reasoned that if killed this old Jewish woman and
/stole her money to educate and establish himself financially, he could
/make a great contribution to society.  He reasoned that she was not of 
/much profit to society.  She just collected rents, and hoarded money.


One of the central points of any (that's ANY) moral system is that is
has to be internally consistent.  

By killing her, the character had to accept the premise that the ends
justify the means.  If he accepted that premise, then (in order to be
consistent), he must accept the idea that some day another person may
apply the same standard to HIS life.  Now, if he is unwilling to accept
this premise (which he will not be willing to accept), then he has
behaved inconsistently with his own moral standard.





/(me)
/[football example deleted]

/(hudson)
/Now suppose a freshman on the bench will only get to play if one of the
/players in the field/on the court is injured (or killed.)  This freshman
/wants to play in the big game so a talent scout can see him.  If he hurts
/a player on the team, it might slightly lessen the chances of the team to
/win, but he might gain great personal benefit.  So, operating on purely
/selfish (immorally selfish) motives, he arranges for a sniper to shoot a
/team player in the leg.  He gets to play in front of the talent scout.

/Did that freshman behave morally?

/Selfish intentions may sometimes generate (apparently) moral actions, but
/not always.



Two problems right off the bat:

1.  The problem with your analogy is that it doesn't address the goal
that I started with:  winning the game.  Playing in front of the talent
scout != winning the game.  Try creating the same analogy and keep the
ultimate goal the same, will you?

   Sean, the 68070 exists! :-)



   Sean, I don't want to get into a 'mini-war' by what I am going to say,
but I have to be a little bit skeptic about the performance you are
claiming on the Centris, you'll see why (please, no-flames, I reserve
those for c.s.m.a :-) )

   I was in Chicago in the last consumer electronics show, and Apple had a
booth there.  I walked by, and they were showing real-time video capture
using a (Radious or SuperMac?) card to digitize and make right on the spot
quicktime movies.  I think the quicktime they were using was the old one
(1.5).

   They digitized a guy talking there in 160x2xx something.  It played back quite
nicely and in real time.  The guy then expanded the window (resized) to 25x by
3xx (320 in y I think) and the frame rate decreased enough to notice that it
wasn't 30fps (or about 30fps) anymore.  It dropped to like 15 fps.  Then he
increased it just a bit more, and it dropped to 10<->12 fps. 

   Then I asked him what Mac he was using... He was using a Quadra (don't know
what model, 900?) to do it, and he was telling the guys there that the Quicktime
could play back at the same speed even on an LCII.

   Well, I spoiled his claim so to say, since a 68040 Quadra Mac was having
a little bit of trouble.  And this wasn't even from the hardisk!  This was
from memory!

   Could it be that you saw either a newer version of quicktime, or some
hardware assisted Centris, or another software product running the 
animation (like supposedly MacroMind's Accelerator?)?

   Don't misunderstand me, I just want to clarify this.

   But for the sake of the posting about a computer doing it or not, I can
claim 320x200 (a tad more with overscan) being done in 256,000+ colors in 
my computer (not from the hardisk) at 30fps with Scala MM210.

   But I agree, if we consider MPEG stuff, I think a multimedia consumer
low-priced box has a lot of market... I just think 3DO would make it, 
no longer CD-I.

For those missing the context of this thrilling discussion between
Jim and I, Jim wrote the following to me in e-mail after I pointed out
that he (Jim) had taken a quote out of context:

He directed a similar accusation of hypocrisy, again based on a lack of
response to an article by Robert Weiss, toward Stephen.

I pointed out that I did, in fact, agree that both Robert Weiss and
Jim Meritt took quotes out of context.  Hence, I find it difficult to
understand why Jim thinks I am a hypocrite.  Needless to say, I don't
have time to reply to *every* article on t.r.m. that takes a quote
out of context.  

I asked Jim the following:

Jim replied by saying 

But today we find four articles from Jim, one of which has the subject
"Silence is concurrence":  


Which is, of course, a complete red herring.  Taking quotes out of
context isn't a crime.  I don't have time to read every article on
t.r.m., and I'm certainly under no obligation to reply to them all.

Does "silence is concurrence" imply that Jim thinks that because I
didn't respond to Weiss' articles I must condone Weiss' taking quotes
out of context?  Jim doesn't want to give a direct answer to this
question; read what he has written and decide for yourself.


But back to the context of my conversation with Jim.  Jim's next 
gambit was to claim that he was using inductive logic when he
concluded that I was being a hypocrite.  I challenged him to provide
the details of that logic that led him to an incorrect conclusion.
Today we find another obscure article (posting it twice didn't help
make it more clear, Jim), titled "Inductive Logic":


More red herrings.  Could Jim mean that he has read an uncountably large
number of my articles?  Could Jim mean that because I "axed" his articles,
but not Weiss' articles, he wants to conclude inductively ...
Well, I can't see where he is going with this.

But I can help him with his induction.  I've written roughly 80
articles since January.  The vast majority of them are discussions with
Frank DeCenso and other inerrantists, where I take the position that
they are making bad arguments.  Some are discussions with Jim Meritt
where I take the position that he is making bad arguments (a straw man
argument earlier, and taking quotes out of context more recently.)

Think hard about this Jim.  See the pattern?  Think harder.  Run it
through your induction engine and see what pops out.  

I will clarify my earlier quote.  God's laws were originally written for 
the Israelites.  Jesus changed that fact by now making the Law applicable to
all people, not just the Jews.  Gentiles could be part of the kingdom of
Heaven through the saving grace of God.  I never said that the Law was made
obsolete by Jesus.

If anything, He clarified the Law such as in that quote you made.  In the
following verses, Jesus takes several portions of the Law and expounds upon
the Law giving clearer meaning to what God intended.  If you'll notice, He
also reams into the Pharisees for mucking up the Law with their own contrived
interpretations.  They knew every letter of the Law and followed it with their
heads but not their hearts.  That is why He points out that our righteousness
must surpass that of the Pharisees in order to be accepted into the kingdom
of Heaven.  People such as the Pharisees are those who really go out of their
way to debate about the number of angels that can dance on the head of a pin.
They had become legalistic, rule-makers - religious lawyers who practiced the
letter of the Law but never really believed in it.  

I think you will agree with me that there are in today's world, a lot of
modern-day Pharisees who know the bible from end to end but do not believe
in it.  What good is head knowledge if there is nothing in the heart?

Christianity is not just a set of rules; it's a lifestyle that changes one's
perspectives and personal conduct.  And it demands obedience to God's will.
Some people can live by it, but many others cannot or will not.  That is their
choice and I have to respect it because God respects it too.

God be with you,
...


Seems to me if you learned to differentiate between illusion and
reality on your own you wouldn't need to rely on doctrines that
need to be updated.  My experience of Christianity (25+ years) is
that most Christians seek answers from clergymen who have little
or no direct experience of spiritual matters, and that most of
these questions can be answered by simple introspection.  Most
people suspect that they cannot trust their senses, but few take
the next step to figure out that they can trust themselves.  Not to
get too esoteric, but it seems that most religions, Christianity
included, are founded by particularly intuitive people who understand
this.

(stuff deleted)


And what if the original poster, Pixie, is never "converted?"
Does it make sense that she (or I, or the majority of humanity
for that matter) would go to hell for eternity, as many 
Christians believe?  It makes more sense to me that rather
than be converted to a centuries-old doctrine that holds no
life for her, that she simply continue to decide for herself
what is best.  

--------------------------------------------
AT&T also puts out two new products for windows, Model numbers elude me now,
a 15 bit video board with framegrabber and a 16bit with same. Yesterday I
was looking at a product at a local Software ETC store. Media Vision makes
a 15bit (32,768 color) frame capture board that is stand alone and doesnot
use the feature connector on your existing video card. It claims upto 30 fps
live capture as well as single frame from either composite NTSC or s-video
in and out.


Nope, this won't work for a cylinder. You can have a line arbitrarily close
to the the cylinder backbone, and yet not intersect it. The test works for a
pillbox, though. (a cylinder with two hemispheres attached at the ends.)


-arun
Hmmm. I seem to recall that the attraction of solid state record-
players and radios in the 1960s wasn't better performance but lower
per-unit cost than vacuum-tube systems.

	Mind you, my father was a vacuum-tube fan in the 60s (Switched
to solid-state in the mid-seventies and then abruptly died; no doubt
there's a lesson in that) and his account could have been biased.

: I've been trying to view .tga files created in POVRAY.  I have the Diamond
: SpeedStar 24 Video board (not the _24X_).  So far I can convert them to
: jpeg using cjpeg and view them with CVIEW but that only displays 8 bit color.
..
: Just want to see the darn things in real color...

I have an ATI ultra pro card, and have found that the easiest way to view
true color images is using their windows drivers and something like winjpeg
or photofinish.  

If anyone has a non-windows solution, I'd love to hear it!
I was wondering if the FAQ files could be posted quarterly rather than monthly.  Every 28-30 days, I get this bloated feeling.
 


Over the years, I have met Christians who are not associated with
any local church and are not members of any local church. This is
an issue that may be very personal, but is important.  What does
the Bible say about this and how can we encourage our friends with
regard to this issue?
   > [A very nice article on the DSS, which I thought answered
   >  David Cruz-Uribe's original queries quite well]

   Here are some books I have read recently that helped me not only
   prepare for a 5 week series I taught in Sunday School, but greatly
   increased my knowledge of the Qumran scrolls. [...]

One other recent book I would heartily recommend is Joseph Fitzmyer's
_Response to 101 Questions about the Dead Sea Scrolls_ (Paulist,
1992).

Fitzmyer is one of the preeminent modern NT scholars.  He was also one
of the early workers on the DSS.  His book is written in a
straightforward Q&A that allows it to serve as a source for a great
wealth of clearly presented basic, up-to-the-moment information about
the DSS.

(This book is something of a companion volume to Raymond Brown's
_Response to 101 Questions about the Dead Sea Scrolls_.)

Nichael
Hi... can anybody give me book or reference title to give me a start at 
fractal image compression technique. Helps will be appreciated... thanx
Are  complex  bio-medical  images  available  anywhere on the net for 
experimentation?  By complex I mean that every sampled data point has 
a magnitude and phase information both. 



No. I estimate a 99 % probability the Gehrels referred to
is Thomas Gehrels of the Spacewatch project, Kitt Peak observatory.

Maybe in the 24th century they could do gamma ray spectroscopy on
distant asteroids with an orbiting observatory, but here in the
primitive 20th we have to send a probe there to get gamma ray
spectroscopy done.


You have the info on Mayan Television yet?



  In a word, yes.  I don't believe that physical knowledge has a great deal of
impact on the power of God.  In the past, God gave us the ability to create
life through sexual relations.  Now, he is giving us the ability to create life
through in vitro fertilization.  The difference between the two is merely 
cosmetic, and even if we gain the ability to create universes we won't begin to
approach the glory of God.
  The power we are being given is a test, and I am sure that in many cases we
will use our new abilities unwisely.  But, people have been using sexuality
unwisely for millenia and I haven't heard an outcry to abolish it yet!
  No matter how far we extend our dominion over the physical world, we aren't
impinging on God's power.  It's only when we attempt to gain control of the
spiritual world, those things that can't be approached through science and 
logic, that we begin to interfere with God.





This is the problem. This is not hell, this is permanent death. It is
indeed what atheists (generally) expect and it is neither fair nor
unfair, it just is. You might as well argue about whether being made
mostly of carbon and water is "fair".

However, the atheists who claim that Hell is unfair are talking about
the fire and brimstone place of endless suffering, which necessarily
includes eternal existance (life, I dunno, but some sort of continuation);
not at all the same thing.

Granted, you clearly feel that hell=death, but this is not a univeral
sentiment as near as I can tell.

If *your* idea of God "condemns" heathens to ordinary death, I have no
problem with that. I do have a problem with the gods that hide from humans
and torture the unbelievers eternally for not guessing right.

[deletia- Hell, and Literalness.]

---
			- Dan Johnson
And God said "Jeeze, this is dull"... and it *WAS* dull. Genesis 0:0
=================================================================
I am posting this for someone else.  Please respond to the 
address listed below.  Please also excuse the duplication as this 
message has been crossposted.  Thanks!
=================================================================
 
 
      REQUEST FOR IDEAS FOR APPLICATIONS OF REMOTE SENSING DATABASES 
                             VIA THE INTERNET
 
NASA is planning to expand the domain of users of its Earth and space science
data.  This effort will:
 
  o   Use the evolving infrastructure of the U.S. Global Change Research 
      Program including the Mission To Planet Earth (MTPE) and the Earth 
      Observing System Data and Information System (EOSDIS) Programs.
 
  o   Use the Internet, particularly the High Performance Computing and 
      Communications Program's NREN (National Research and Education 
      Network), as a means of providing access to and distribution of 
      science data and images and value added products.
 
  o   Provide broad access to and utilization of remotely sensed images in 
      cooperation with other agencies (especially NOAA, EPA, DOE, DEd, 
      DOI/USGS, and USDA). 
 
  o   Support remote sensing image and data users and development 
      communities. 
 
The user and development communities to be included (but not limited to) as
part of this effort are educators, commercial application developers (e.g., 
television weather forecasters), librarians, publishers, agriculture 
specialists, transportation, forestry, state and local government planners, and
aqua business.
 
This program will be initiated in 1994.  Your assistance is requested to 
identify potential applications of remote sensing images and data.  We would 
like your ideas for potential application areas to assist with development of
the Implementation Plan.
 
PLEASE NOTE: THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS.  
 
We are seeking your ideas in these areas: 
 
  (1)  Potential commercial use of remote sensing data and images; 
 
  (2)  Potential noncommercial use of remote sensing data and images in 
       education (especially levels K-12) and other noncommercial areas;
 
  (3)  Types of on-line capabilities and protocols to make the data more 
       accessible;
 
  (4)  Additional points of contacts for ideas; and 
 
  (5)  Addresses and names  from whom to request proposals. 
 
For your convenience, a standard format for responses is included below.  Feel
free to amend it as necessary.  Either e-mail or fax your responses to us by
May 5, 1993.
 
E-MAIL:   On Internet "rsdwg@orion.ossa.hq.nasa.gov"  ASCII  - No binary 
attachments please
 
FAX:   Ernie Lucier, c/o RSDWG, NASA HQ, FAX 202-358-3098
 
Survey responses in the following formats may also be placed in the FTP 
directory ~ftp/pub/RSDWG on orion.nasa.gov.  Please indicate the format. 
Acceptable formats are: Word for Windows 2.X, Macintosh Word 4.X and 5.X, and 
RTF.  
 
 
 
----------------------------RESPONSE FORMAT--------------------------
 
REQUEST FOR IDEAS FOR APPLICATIONS OF REMOTE SENSING DATABASES VIA THE INTERNET
 
(1)  Potential commercial use of remote sensing data and images  (if possible,
identify the relevant types of data or science products, user tools, and
standards).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(2)  Uses of remote sensing data and images in education (especially levels
K-12) and other noncommercial areas (if possible, identify the relevant types
of data or science products, user tools, and standards). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(3)  Types of on-line capabilities and protocols to make the data and images
more accessible (if possible, identify relevant types of formats, standards,
and user tools)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(4)  Additional suggested persons or organizations that may be resources for 
further ideas on applications areas.  Please include: Name, Organization, 
Address and Telephone Number.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(5)  Organizations, mailing lists (electronic and paper), periodicals, etc. to
whom a solicitation for proposals should be sent when developed.  Please 
include: Name, Organization, Address and Telephone Number.
 
 
 
(6)  We would benefit from knowing why users that know about NASA remote 
sensing data do not use the data.  Is it because they do not have ties to NASA
investigators, or high cost, lack of accessibility, incompatible data formats,
poor area of interest coverage, inadequate spatial or spectral resolution, ...?
 
 
 
 


That is not necessarily unorthodox.  When Christians call God 'Father', 
we are using a metaphor.  The Bible in one place refers to God as being
like a mother.  God is neither a father nor a mother in the literal
sense; God has some of the attributes of both; the father metaphor is
usually used because (for most people at most times) it is the less
misleading of the two possibilities.

Jehovah's Witnesses do not believe that Christians are required to observe
the Sabbath, whether it is on Saturday or Sunday.  The Sabbath was part
of a Covenent between God and the Israelites and is not required for
Christians.

Nope, you're confusing separate programs.  Atlas was the first-generation
US ICBM; Titan I was the second-generation one; Titan II, which all the
Titan launchers are based on, was the third-generation heavy ICBM.  There
was essentially nothing in common between these three programs.

(Yes, *three* programs.  Despite the similarity of names, Titan I and
Titan II were completely different missiles.  They didn't even use the
same fuels, never mind the same launch facilities.)



Sure.  Why keep using oil?  A hydrogen/electric economy would likely be
cleaner and more efficient in the long run.  The laws of supply and demand
should get the transition underway before we reach a critical stage of
shortage.
I am trying to convert an m-motion (IBM) video file format YUV to RGB 
data...

THE Y portion is a byte from 0-255
THE V is a byte -127-127
THe color is U and V
and the intensity is Y

DOes anyone have any ideas for algorhtyms or programs ?

Can someone tell me where to get info on the U and V of a television signal ?

IF you need more info reply at the e-mail address...
Basically what I am doing is converting a digital NTSC format to RGB (VGA)
for displaying captured video pictures.

Thanks.

Hi everyone, 
	   I'm a commited Christian that is battling with a problem.  I know
that romans talks about how we are saved by our faith not our deeds, yet
hebrews and james say that faith without deeds is useless, saying' You fools,
do you still think that just believing is enough?'

Now if someone is fully believing but there life is totally lead by themselves
and not by God, according to Romans that person is still saved by there faith.
But then there is the bit which says that God preferes someone who is cold to
him (i.e. doesn't know him - condemned) so a lukewarm Christian someone who
knows and believes in God but doesn't make any attempt to live by the bible.

Now I am of the opinion that you a saved through faith alone (not what you do)
as taught in Romans, but how can I square up in my mind the teachings of James
in conjunction with the lukewarm Christian being 'spat-out'

Can anyone help me, this really bothers me.

In Christ,
Will


Sorry, but it doesn't matter what _you_ think, I am a Christian, who happens to
belong to the LDS Church.  [The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints].

I don't usually read t.r.m.  It is truly informative to stop by, and see that there
are still people in the world like those that forced my ancestors into the deserts
of Utah, and then out of the country entirely.  (My grandmother was born in Mexico,
where her family had moved to escape religious persecution in the US).  I'm willing
to admit that members of other churches are Christians, if they believe in Christ and
(try to) follow his teachings, even though they have different interpretations of 
the bible.  And yet these other churches often go out of their way to define whether
or not I am considered to be Christian.  Could someone mail me a set of rules/beliefs
that must be followed to be a Christian?  Does this set of rules exclude other large
bodies of believers?  

I know, this is a waste of everyone's time, this has probably been discussed N times,
etc.  I guess I'm more sensitive to this 'demonization' after what went on in Texas.


One can feel physical pain by having a body, which, if you know the
doctrine of the resurrection of the body, is what people will have after
the great judgement.  "We look for the resurrection of the dead, and the
life of the world to come."  - Nicene-Constantinopolitan Creed.  You
will have both body and soul in hell - eventually.

Wouldn't this require a hyper-sphere.  In 3-space, 4 points over specifies
a sphere as far as I can see.  Unless that is you can prove that a point
exists in 3-space that is equi-distant from the 4 points, and this may not
necessarily happen.

Correct me if I'm wrong (which I quite possibly am!)

steve
---



The only info I have is my area is not having a large march.  They are leaving
it up to each congragation.  IMO this means organizers found it too difficult
to manage or no one feels the need to be involved.

I'm not casting stones, my involvement with the Lord does not include the March
this year.  Maybe He is giving a message by the lack of one??  JLS
==============================================================================
Please bear with me as i am new at this game, i apologize unreservedly if i hav
e posted another message earlier by mistake. but i digress, could anyone out th
ere please explain exactly what DMORF does (dtax.exe). Does it simply fade one
bitmap into another or does it reshape one bitmap into another. Excuse my ignor
ance.....



I think this is a little inaccurate, based on Feynman's account of the
software-development process *before* the standdown.  Fred is basically
correct:  no sophisticated tools, just a lot of effort and painstaking
care.  But they got this one right *before* Challenger; Feynman cited
the software people as exemplary compared to the engine people.  (He
also noted that the software people were starting to feel management
pressure to cut corners, but hadn't had to give in to it much yet.)

Among other things, the software people worked very hard to get things
right for the major pre-flight simulations, and considered a failure
during those simulations to be nearly as bad as an in-flight failure.
As a result, the number of major-simulation failures could be counted
on one hand, and the number of in-flight failures was zero.

As Fred mentioned elsewhere, this applies only to the flight software.
Software that runs experiments is typically mostly put together by the
experimenters, and gets nowhere near the same level of Tender Loving Care.
(None of the experimenters could afford it.)






Well, I guess I'm left wondering just who all the 'light fascists'
think *they* are.  Yes, I understand the issues.  I don't even
particularly care for the idea.  But am I the only one that finds the
sort of overreaction above just a *little* questionable?  You must
find things like the Moon *really* obnoxious in their pollution.

A few questions for those frothing at the mouth to ask themselves:

	1) How long is this thing supposed to stay up?  Sounds like it
would have a *huge* drag area, not a lot of mass, and be in a fairly
low orbit.

	2) Just what orbital parameters are we talking about here?
What real impact are we talking about, really?  How many optical
astronomers are *really* going to be impacted?

	3) Which is more important; adding a few extra days of
'seeing' for (very few) optical astronomers or getting the data the
sensors are supposed to return along with the data for large
inflatables (and the potential there for an inflatable space station)?
The choice would seem to be one or the other, since the advertising is
being used to help fund this thing.

	4) If your answer to 3) above was "the astronomers", then feel
free to come up with some other way to fund the (to my mind) more
important research data that would be gained by this WITHOUT SPENDING
ANY MORE OF MY MONEY TO DO IT.  In other words, put up or shut up.


Probably so.  I'm just not sure we agree about who the 'stupid' are. 


Yeah, me too.

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
From the "JPL Universe"
April 23, 1993

Cosmologist Stephen Hawking tours Lab
I'm compiling a bibliography on religious perspectives on esotericism,
hermeticism, gnosticism, mysticism, occultism, alchemy and magic, and
am interested in sources that others have found particularly interesting
and insightful.  I'm especially interested in medieval works, such as
_The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosenkreutz_ and Arthurian legends.

Please feel free, too, to send personal opinions on any of the above,
pro or con or anywhere in between.  Thanks much.
 excellent question timothy. i hpoe the answers you get will be satisfactory  
as we can not understand the mind of god. but to attempt to answer you  
clearly. GOD of the Bible has given us humans relativly little about how he  
intends to judge mankind. the first test is those who have beleived that Jesus  
Christ is the Son of GOD and that his death and resurrection was sufficent to  
serve justice for all the acts we commit that are wrong in the eyes of god,  
the bible calls this sin. for those who die before the end of the world/have  
already died it is more complicated to explain without lapsing in to cliche.
  God must judge people on the baasis of their works in this world. however  
there is no plus and minus system for GOD. he has declared that he can not  
tolerate spiritual imperfection, thus he can only based your worthiness to  
live with him on the wrong in your life. 
  Good people, yes even Christians are going to constantly sin before GOD, The  
Christian hoever thanks GOD that Christ has given his life for his sin's  
penalty. the proscribed punishment for sin is death, just as the proscribed  
punishment for robbery is time in jail. God then cannot ask for anything but  
punishement for those sins. He does not want to condem. the Bible says in John  
3:17, that God did not send his son in to the word to condem it but that  
through him it might be saved." when i realize that i have sinned, and i do  
with painful regularity, i must approach GOD and ask him to not hold thew sin  
against me, i have that right and privlige only because of Christ. as for Jews  
they are promised that they must believe on the Messiah who would come, and  
dis come in Jesus of Nazereth. Muslims, i fear have been given a lie from the  
fater of lies, Satan. They need Christ as do us all.
  for those who don't have that right, in the view of the bible they stand  
olone in their defense. are you going to hell? i can not answer that for you.  
i can only say that perhaps it is eaiser to ask and answer how can i not go to  
Hell? that step is much more rewarding.

stan toney stoney@oyster.smcm.edu
my opinions are my own, you may borrow them
Is the film from the "putt-putt" test vehicle which used conventional
explosives as a proof-of-concept test, or another one?



[ The discussion begins: why does the universe exist at all?  ]

= 
= Must there be a "why" to this?  I ask because of what you also
=      assume about God-- namely, that He just exists, with no "why"
=      to His existence.  So the question is reversed, "Why can't
=      we assume the universe just exists as you assume God to
=      "just exist"?  Why must there be a "why" to the universe?"

One of the Laws of Nature, specifying cause and effect seems to dictate 
(at least to this layman's mind) there must be a causal event.  No
reasonable alternative exists.

As far as I can tell, the very laws of nature demand a "why".  That isn't
true of something outside of nature (i.e., *super*natural).

[ ... ]

= 
= It may be that one day man not only can create life but can also
=      create man.  Now, I don't see this happening in my lifetime,
=      nor do I assert it is probable.  But the possibility is there,
=      given scientists are working hard at "decoding" out "genetic
=      code" to perhaps help cure disease of a genetic variation.
=      Again, though, must there be "why" or a "divine prupose" to
=      man's existence?

I believe the "genetic code" will be entirely deciphered in our lifetimes,
but we will not see man convert entirely inert material into self sustaining, 
reproducing life, *ever*.  (I've never been much of a prophet, though. I
can't even *picture* New York in my mind 8^] ).  I don't believe *any*
technology would be able to produce that necessary *spark* of life, despite
having all of the parts available. Just my opinion.

= 
= > When you say that man is *only* an animal, I have to think that you are
= > presenting an unprovable statement -- a dogma, if you will.  And one
= > the requires a kind of "faith" too.   By taking such a hard line in
= > your atheism, you may have stumbled into a religion of your own.
= 
= As far as we can tell, man falls into the "mammal" catagory.  Now,
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
That preposition sort of precludes an absolute, doesn't it?  Without an 
absolute conclusion, what are we left with?  I believe the word "faith"
works nicely.

=      if there were something more to the man (say, a soul), then
=      we have yet to find evidence of such.  But as it is now, man
=      is a mammal (babies are born live, mother gives milk, we're
=      warm-blooded, etc.) as other mammals are and is similar in
=      genetic construction to some of them (in particular, primates).
=      For more on this check out talk.origins.
= 
= > But before you write off all Christianity as phony and shallow, I hope
= > you'll do a little research into its history and varieties, perhaps by
= > reading Paul Johnson's "A History of Christianity".  From your remarks,
= > it seems that you have been exposed to certain types of Christian
= > religion and not others.  Even an atheist should have enough faith in
= > Man to know that a movement of 2000 years has to have some depth, and
= > be animated by some enduring values.
= 
= Well, then, Buddhism, Confucianism, Taoism, Hinduism, Judaism,
=      Zoerasterism, Shintoism, and Islam should fit this bit of logic
=      quite nicely... :-)  All have depth, all have enduring values,
=      thus all must be true...

Well then, with an *equal* scale, and under an *equal* standard, investigate
them all, and discover where God is ( or *whether* he is, for the denial of
God is ultimately a statement of faith, non-falsifiable as His existence 
may be). 

For isn't this the purpose of religion - to discover, and in discovery, to
*know* God?

You don't mind if a few of us send up a prayer on your behalf during your
research, do you?  After all, if we of Christ are deluding ourselves, you
really have nothing to worry about, eh?

Until the King returns,

Jason


We have been using Iterated Systems compression board to compress 
pathology images and are getting ratios of 40:1 to 70:1 without too
much loss in quality. It is taking about 4 mins per image to compress,
on a 25Mhz 486 but decompression is almost real time on a 386 in software 
alone.

HI All,
Can someone point me towards some articles on 'boids' or
flocking algorithms... ?

Also, articles on particle animation formulas would be nice...
 ________________________________________________________________________
 \________________________________________________________________________\|
---
  DeLuxe 1.25 #8086  Head of Co*& XV$# Hi This is a signature virus. Co


Did this happen to Jesus? I don't think so, not from what I heard. He lived
ONE DAY of suffering and died. If the wages of sin is the above paragraph, then
JESUS DIDN'T PAY FOR OUR SINS, DID HE?

I'd be surprised to see the moderator let this one through, but I seriously
want a reasonable explanation for this.
I downloaded an image of the earth re-constructed from elevation data taken
at 1/2 degree increments. The author (not me) wrote some c-code (included)
that read in the data file and generated b&w and pseudo color images. They
work very well and are not incumbered by copyright. They are at an aminet
site near you called earth.lha in the amiga/pix/misc area...

I refer you to the included docs for the details on how the author (sorry, I
forget his name) created these images. The raw data is not included.

-- 
	David

	David M. Ingebretsen
	Evans & Sutherland Computer Corp.
	dingebre@thunder.sim.es.com
: 
: I am a Mormon.  I believe in Christ, that he is alive.  He raised himself
: [Text deleted]
:
: I learned that the concept of the Holy Trinity was never taught by Jesus
: Christ, that it was "agreed to" by a council of clergymen long after Christ
: was ascended, men who had no authority to speak for him.
:
If Jesus never taught the concept of the Trinity, how do you deal with the 
following:   

   Mat 28 18 Then Jesus came to them and said, "All authority in heaven
   and on earth has been given to me.

   Mat 28 19 Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing
   them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,

   Mat 28 20 and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you.
   And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age." 

Also Jesus speaking:

   Act 1 5 For John baptized with water, but in a few days you will
   be baptized with the Holy Spirit."

I believe that you may have overlooked some key verses, that are crucial to
the Christian faith. 
But someone will say, "You have faith; I have deeds." 
    Show me your faith without deeds, and I will show you my faith by what
I do. 
This is an annual time of prayer organized by the Focus on the Family
organization.  If you have not heard about it on your Christian radio
station or at your local church, call them and they may be able to
give you the information.

Many cities in the San Francisco bay area have local coordinators
organizing the time and the place to meet to pray.  In San Francisco,
Oakland, Berkeley, San Jose, people will be meeting at ~12:15pm at
each city's City Hall.

Last year, I attended at the Mountain View city hall.  It was a very
quiet and meaningful time of prayer.
Hi Steve,

As the author of Multiverse, I feel I had better respond to your
mailnote questioning whether anyone had managed to compile this
software - the quick answer is yes! The long answer is yes - but a
few have had a few problems with their platforms - not all unix's are
the same, you know! As far as "many bugs" go, it would probably be more
useful to everyone (including you) if you were a bit more explicit! :-)

Platforms it has succesfully compiled and run on are: RS6000, Dec Ultrix
Sun Solaris so it is possible.

The main problem is that I don't have access to other platforms than the
RS6000, so if there are portability problems then the only way I hear
about them is by people letting me know and giving me a clue as to
how to fix it.

As far as the software not doing anything, do you really think I would
bother releasing it, if that was the case? Perhaps you didn't read the
few docs that ARE supplied. The dogfight world is made up of clients
only, so if you're in there on your own, then you're not going to see
anything! The dactyl world has quite a lot of scenary - so if you don't
see anything there, then this is definitely a problem!

One final word - if you're not interested, don't bother with it.
If you are interested, then please remember that I'm not asking for
any money! So why not try a little patience and constructive criticism,
maybe that will get results??
:
 (lots of stuff about the Nicene Creed deleted which can be read in the
  original basenote.  I will also leave it up to other LDS netters to
  take Mr. Weiss to task on using Mormon Doctrine to declare the difinitive
  word on what the LDS Church teaches as doctrine.  Hopefully the LDS 
  netters will be amiable in their explanation.)

Since it would do no good to rebut what Mr. Weiss has stated on the origin
of the Nicene Creed and its status as devine and inspired (I say "no good"
because it cannot be proved through discussion or debate as to whether or not 
the authors of the Creed were inspired), I leave you (it will be some time 
before I post again) with the following thought authored by Eugene England, 
Professor of English at Brigham Young University.  Mr. England wrote the 
following as part of a book review section in This People's magazine (Spring 
1993 edition):

  "I conclude with a little sermon because I believe we will not be a Mormon--
  or human--family until we can get over labeling and rejecting each other 
  with terms like feminist or patriarchal, liberal or conservative (Christian 
  or non-Christian -- Hal 8^).  When we are tempted to draw a circle around
  a set of beliefs and traditions and styles and call it American, then exclude
  those who don't fit, it may be well to consider that perhaps the most central
  defining characteristic of a good American might be "one who doesn't draw
  exclusive circles" -- that the surest way of excluding ourselves from the 
  central American ideal is by excluding others.  And when we are tempted to
  draw a circle around "Mormon" or "Christian," to decide who is "orthodox"
  and who isn't by how much they agree with us, it might be well to consider
  that the central pillar of Christ's "orthodoxy" is our ability to love
  unconditionally those who are different and include them in our family.

  "I recently spent some time in a "Christian" bookstore in California. The
  service was excellent, the clerks and customers all smiling, neat, and
  well-scrubbed, and there were the expected wholesome offerings of scriptural
  commentaries, sentimental fiction, and collections of evangelistic sermons.
  But I was dismayed to find how much shelf space was given to attacking 
  others, often viciously---whether the political left, our modern American
  culture, or other religions.  A whole section was devoted to "Cults and the
  Occult," and as you might expect, Mormonism was right there under the same
  rubric and indictment (often by the same authors) as Satanism.  And I found
  I could either rent or buy (in English or Spanish) copies of The God Makers
  (that absurdly inaccurate, even libelous, but very popular and dangerous
  anti-Mormon film that uses exaclty the same techniques and even accusations
  of the Nazi films that scapegoated Jews in the 1930s).

  "It seems to me one major indication that a person is a genuine convert to
  Christ and his redemptive love is his lack of paranoia and anxiety ("Perfect
  love casteth out fear," I John 4:18).  I have always been pleased that the
  LDS Church has not engaged in attacks on other faiths, though I find a 
  disheartening increase in willingness of individual Mormons to engage in the
  same kinds of stereotyping and scapegoating---and even threats of coercive
  action---as the "religious right wing" has launched this year against the
  political left and American cultural and religious styles they don't like.
  It is a fearful irony that in so doing Mormons take common cause with the
  very people who have most slanderously attacked Mormons---people who would,
  if they had power, forcefully restrict Mormons' rights along with those of
  others they believe to be evil."


The above "sermon" was addressed to the LDS audience who usually subscribe
to This People's magazine, but would certainly apply to all of us who
rely on the mercies and grace of Jesus Christ to bring us back into His
arms.  

Even though the LDS Church claims devine authority to exercise the principles 
of the restored gospel---as in the days of Christ, the Church does not claim 
perfection and infallibility in how those with authoritative status have or do 
now lead the Church.  I, for one, do not wish to be labelled "Christian", if 
those who profess themselves as Christians attack my beliefs because they are 
intollerent (for example) of the way my religion may interpret Biblical 
scriptures of the same source to have a different meaning and implication 
than mainstream Christianity would give it.  Once again, being in the 
majority does NOT in and of itself PROVE anything except that your collective 
voice is louder.  That's really all the critics of the LDS Church have to stand
on in terms of the kind of Biblical interpretation used as proof to counter 
the LDS Church' interpretation!  Using someone elses biased research of truths 
and non-truths (whose to say what the mixture is?) as an authoritative tool to 
disprove or discredit is not being fair to anyone, least of all themselves. 
Let us simply agree to disagree, and share beliefs through adult discussion 
and conversation, thereby uplifting everyone.  

...

	You can tell, folks, when the man has run out of reason:
	attack the man's beliefs (in legal terminology, argument
	ad hominem:  attack the man, not what he did that has yet to
	be proven illegal)>



	WRONGo.  Remember the fire movie a couple of years ago?
	"Backdraft"?  The scene in the factory with propane gas
	coming out of pipes and gasoline all over the floor,
	with a 750 degree flame front overhead?

		Note that it did not flash all at once?

	Fires ignite and burn unpredictably.
	Gases (like tear gas) mix and distribute unevenly.
		And flash unevenly.

	You are not a fire analyst.  You cannnot tell.
		(NB:  Neither am I.  And I cannot tell
		Nor is the FBI spokesman
		Nor is Reno
		Maybe we all should shut up and get a
			forensics analysis first.


	Yes,. there was a flash:  in one room, just pumped full of it.,


			   ^^^^

Just what are these "scientific facts"?  I have never heard of such a thing.
Science never proves or disproves any theory - history does.

-Tim

 ______________________________________________________________________________
SSRT ROLLOUT

                Speech Delivered by Col. Simon P. Worden,
                     The Deputy for Technology, SDIO
                                    
                  Mcdonnell Douglas - Huntington Beach
                              April 3,1993

     Most of you, as am I, are "children of the 1960's."  We grew
up in an age of miracles -- Inter-Continental Ballistic Missiles,
nuclear energy, computers, flights to the moon.  But these were
miracles of our parent's doing.  For a decade and more the pundits
have told us - "you've lost it!"  The "me" generation is only
living on the accomplishments of the past.

     You and I have even begun to believe the pessimists.  We
listen in awe as the past generation tells of its triumphs.  Living
history they are.  We are privileged to hear those who did it tell
of it.  A few weeks ago some of this very team listened in awe as
General Bernie Schriever told of his team's work - and yes struggle
- to build this nation's Intercontinental Ballistic Missile.

     What stories can we tell?  Blurry-eyed telescopes?  Thousand
dollar toilet seats?  Even our space launch vehicles hearken only
of that past great time.  They are and seem destined to remain Gen.
Schriever's ICBMs.  I find it hard to swell with pride that the
best new space-lifter idea is to refurbish old Minuteman and
Poseidon ballistic missiles.

     Well - The pessimists are wrong.  The legacy is continuing. 
This event is proof.  To our technological parents: We've listened
to your stories.  We've caught your enthusiasm and can-do spirit. 
And we've learned from your achievements - and your mistakes.  Let
me honor one of you who was part of that history and the impetus
behind this history - Max Hunter.  You are one of the greatest
engineers of the firts great age of space exploration.  Your
insight and discipline built the Thor ICBM - later incorporated
into today's most successful launch vehicle - The Delta.

     You told us in the 60's that a new form of launch vehicle - a
single stage reusable rocket - can and should be built.  You
advocated this idea tirelessly.  It was elegantly simple, as are
all great breakthroughs.  You showed us how to build it.  You
convinced us it could be done.  You are working by our side to weld
its components into place.  Most important - you reminded us of a
prime engineering principle - undoubtably one you learned from the
generation before you - the generation that built transcontinental
aviation in the 1920's and 30's - build a little and test a little
and Max, you passed all of this on  to people like Pat Ladner who
started this program for the SDI.

     Douglas Aircraft didn't start with a DC-10.  They didn't even
start with a DC-3.  Our grandfathers built a little, tested a
little - even sold a little and made a little money - before they
moved on to the next step.  They didn't take a decade or more
before putting the first "rubber on the road."  Max Hunter - you
didn't take ten years to build Thor, and by God we're not going to
take ten years to show that low cost, single stage, reusable
aerospace transportation is real.

     We ended the cold war in a few short years.  It took the  same
team here today but a few years to show through the Strategic
Defense Initiative that the cold war must end.  We - you and us -
launched a series of satellites - The Delta experiments - in about
a year apiece.  This, more than anything else signaled our
commitment to end the impasse between ourselves and the Soviet
Union.  Those who made the decisions on both sides have underscored
the importance of our work in bringing about a new international
relationship.

     But it is the same team which is now  putting in place the
framework for an aerospace expansion that is our legacy for the
next generation.  We will make space access routine and affordable.

     We built this magnificent flying machine in two years.  This
summer a true rocket ship will take off and land on earth for the
first time.  Then we can and surely will build in the next three
years a reusable sub-orbital rocket.  It will allow us to use space
rapidly, affordably, and efficiently as no other nation can.  And
yes - we'll make a little money off it too!

     Then - and only then - we'll spend another three years to
build a fully reusable single stage to orbit system.  The DC-3 of
space will be a reality!  We may even be able to use some of the
rocket propulsion breakthroughs of our former cold war adversaries. 
What a wonderful irony if this SDI product and Russian efforts to
counter SDI merge to power mankind's next step to the stars!

     To be sure, we must guard against the temptations to leap to
the final answer.  Robert Goddard's first rockets weren't Saturn
V's!  If we succumb  to the temptation to ask  for just a few extra
dollars and a few more years to jump immediately to a full orbital
system - we will fail.  Max Hunter and his colleagues showed the
way.  Three years and a cloud of dust - in our case rocket
exhausts.  There is no short-cut.  If we expect to reshape the
world again - we must do it one brick at a time.  Minds on tasks at
hand!


	Why do we follow God so blindly?  Have you ever asked a
physically blind person why he or she follows a seeing eye dog?
The answer is quite simple--the dog can see, and the blind person
cannot.

	I acknowledge, as a Christian, that I am blind.  I see,
but I see  illusions as well as reality.  (Watched TV lately?)
I hear, but I hear lies as well as truth.  (Listen to your 
radio or read a newspaper.)  Remember, all that tastes well is
not healthy.  So, I rely one the one who can see, hear, and
taste everything, and knows what is real, and what is not.
That is God.

	Of course, you may ask, if I cannot trust my own senses,
how do I know whether what I see and hear about God is truth or
a lie.  That is why we need faith to be saved.  We must force
ourselves to believe that God knows the truth, and loves us
enough to share it with us, even when it defies what we think
we know.  Why would He have created us if He did not love us 
enough to help us through this world?

	I also do trust my experiences to some extent.  When
I do things that defy the seeming logic of my experience, 
because it is what my Father commands me to do, and I see
the results in the long term, I find that He has led me
in the proper direction, even though it did not feel right
at the time.  This is where our works as Christians are
important:  As exercises of the body make the body strong,
excercises of faith make the faith strong.  

	As for you, no one can "convert" you.  You must
choose to follow God of your own will, if you are ever to
follow Him.  All we as Christians wish to do is share with
you the love we have received from God.  If you reject that,
we have to accept your decision, although we always keep
the offer open to you.  If you really want to find out
why we believe what we believe, I can only suggest you try
praying for faith, reading the Bible, and asking Christians
about their experiences personally.  Then you may grow to
understand why we believe what we do, in defiance of the
logic of this world.

	May the Lord bring peace to you, 

It is told in the Gospels that the Pharisees (sp.?) and scribes bribed
the Roman soldiers to say that the Diciples stole his body in the night.
Good enough excuse for the Jewish and Roman objectives (of that day).
Is there a few Grasp pictures of space related items, namely Space Station
Designs, so you can see the "finished" revolt around..

If you don't know what a grasp prograsm is.. Check out some adult entertainment
files and see what I mean.. Or maybe geta few GIF files and create a "slide
shows" (I think Cshow can do this).. 

The situation in this regard has changed considerably in recent years.
See the discussion of "high-power rocketry" in the rec.models.rockets
frequently-asked-questions list.

This is not hardware you can walk in off the street and buy; you need
proper certification.  That can be had, mostly through Tripoli (the high-
power analog of the NAR), although the NAR is cautiously moving to extend
the upper boundaries of what it considers proper too.

You need special FAA authorization, but provided you aren't doing it under
one of the LAX runway approaches or something stupid like that, it's not
especially hard to arrange.

As with model rocketry, this sort of hardware is reasonably safe if handled
properly.  Proper handling takes more care, and you need a lot more empty
air to fly in, but it's basically just model rocketry scaled up.  As with
model rocketry, the high-power people use factory-built engines, which
eliminates the major safety hazard of do-it-yourself rocketry.
Jesus isn't God ? When Jesus returns some people may miss Him ?  What version of
the Bible do you read Mike ?

Jesus is God incarnate (in flesh) . Jesus said, 'I and the Father are one.' 
Jesus was taken up to heaven after His 40 day post-resurrection stint and the
angels who were there assured the apostles that Jesus would return the same way
and that everyone will see the coming. That's why Jesus warned that many would
come claiming to be Him but that we would know when Jesus actually returns. 

These are two very large parts of my faith and you definitely hit a nerve :-)
Concerning the proposed newsgroup split, I personally am not in favor of
doing this.  I learn an awful lot about all aspects of graphics by reading
this group, from code to hardware to algorithms.  I just think making 5
different groups out of this is a wate, and will only result in a few posts
a week per group.  I kind of like the convenience of having one big forum
for discussing all aspects of graphics.  Anyone else feel this way?
Just curious.

Archive-name: space/new_probes
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:17 $

UPCOMING PLANETARY PROBES - MISSIONS AND SCHEDULES

    Information on upcoming or currently active missions not mentioned below
    would be welcome. Sources: NASA fact sheets, Cassini Mission Design
    team, ISAS/NASDA launch schedules, press kits.


    ASUKA (ASTRO-D) - ISAS (Japan) X-ray astronomy satellite, launched into
    Earth orbit on 2/20/93. Equipped with large-area wide-wavelength (1-20
    Angstrom) X-ray telescope, X-ray CCD cameras, and imaging gas
    scintillation proportional counters.


    CASSINI - Saturn orbiter and Titan atmosphere probe. Cassini is a joint
    NASA/ESA project designed to accomplish an exploration of the Saturnian
    system with its Cassini Saturn Orbiter and Huygens Titan Probe. Cassini
    is scheduled for launch aboard a Titan IV/Centaur in October of 1997.
    After gravity assists of Venus, Earth and Jupiter in a VVEJGA
    trajectory, the spacecraft will arrive at Saturn in June of 2004. Upon
    arrival, the Cassini spacecraft performs several maneuvers to achieve an
    orbit around Saturn. Near the end of this initial orbit, the Huygens
    Probe separates from the Orbiter and descends through the atmosphere of
    Titan. The Orbiter relays the Probe data to Earth for about 3 hours
    while the Probe enters and traverses the cloudy atmosphere to the
    surface. After the completion of the Probe mission, the Orbiter
    continues touring the Saturnian system for three and a half years. Titan
    synchronous orbit trajectories will allow about 35 flybys of Titan and
    targeted flybys of Iapetus, Dione and Enceladus. The objectives of the
    mission are threefold: conduct detailed studies of Saturn's atmosphere,
    rings and magnetosphere; conduct close-up studies of Saturn's
    satellites, and characterize Titan's atmosphere and surface.

    One of the most intriguing aspects of Titan is the possibility that its
    surface may be covered in part with lakes of liquid hydrocarbons that
    result from photochemical processes in its upper atmosphere. These
    hydrocarbons condense to form a global smog layer and eventually rain
    down onto the surface. The Cassini orbiter will use onboard radar to
    peer through Titan's clouds and determine if there is liquid on the
    surface. Experiments aboard both the orbiter and the entry probe will
    investigate the chemical processes that produce this unique atmosphere.

    The Cassini mission is named for Jean Dominique Cassini (1625-1712), the
    first director of the Paris Observatory, who discovered several of
    Saturn's satellites and the major division in its rings. The Titan
    atmospheric entry probe is named for the Dutch physicist Christiaan
    Huygens (1629-1695), who discovered Titan and first described the true
    nature of Saturn's rings.

	 Key Scheduled Dates for the Cassini Mission (VVEJGA Trajectory)
	 -------------------------------------------------------------
	   10/06/97 - Titan IV/Centaur Launch
	   04/21/98 - Venus 1 Gravity Assist
	   06/20/99 - Venus 2 Gravity Assist
	   08/16/99 - Earth Gravity Assist
	   12/30/00 - Jupiter Gravity Assist
	   06/25/04 - Saturn Arrival
	   01/09/05 - Titan Probe Release
	   01/30/05 - Titan Probe Entry
	   06/25/08 - End of Primary Mission
	    (Schedule last updated 7/22/92)


    GALILEO - Jupiter orbiter and atmosphere probe, in transit. Has returned
    the first resolved images of an asteroid, Gaspra, while in transit to
    Jupiter. Efforts to unfurl the stuck High-Gain Antenna (HGA) have
    essentially been abandoned. JPL has developed a backup plan using data
    compression (JPEG-like for images, lossless compression for data from
    the other instruments) which should allow the mission to achieve
    approximately 70% of its original objectives.

	   Galileo Schedule
	   ----------------
	   10/18/89 - Launch from Space Shuttle
	   02/09/90 - Venus Flyby
	   10/**/90 - Venus Data Playback
	   12/08/90 - 1st Earth Flyby
	   05/01/91 - High Gain Antenna Unfurled
	   07/91 - 06/92 - 1st Asteroid Belt Passage
	   10/29/91 - Asteroid Gaspra Flyby
	   12/08/92 - 2nd Earth Flyby
	   05/93 - 11/93 - 2nd Asteroid Belt Passage
	   08/28/93 - Asteroid Ida Flyby
	   07/02/95 - Probe Separation
	   07/09/95 - Orbiter Deflection Maneuver
	   12/95 - 10/97 - Orbital Tour of Jovian Moons
	   12/07/95 - Jupiter/Io Encounter
	   07/18/96 - Ganymede
	   09/28/96 - Ganymede
	   12/12/96 - Callisto
	   01/23/97 - Europa
	   02/28/97 - Ganymede
	   04/22/97 - Europa
	   05/31/97 - Europa
	   10/05/97 - Jupiter Magnetotail Exploration


    HITEN - Japanese (ISAS) lunar probe launched 1/24/90. Has made
    multiple lunar flybys. Released Hagoromo, a smaller satellite,
    into lunar orbit. This mission made Japan the third nation to
    orbit a satellite around the Moon.


    MAGELLAN - Venus radar mapping mission. Has mapped almost the entire
    surface at high resolution. Currently (4/93) collecting a global gravity
    map.


    MARS OBSERVER - Mars orbiter including 1.5 m/pixel resolution camera.
    Launched 9/25/92 on a Titan III/TOS booster. MO is currently (4/93) in
    transit to Mars, arriving on 8/24/93. Operations will start 11/93 for
    one martian year (687 days).


    TOPEX/Poseidon - Joint US/French Earth observing satellite, launched
    8/10/92 on an Ariane 4 booster. The primary objective of the
    TOPEX/POSEIDON project is to make precise and accurate global
    observations of the sea level for several years, substantially
    increasing understanding of global ocean dynamics. The satellite also
    will increase understanding of how heat is transported in the ocean.


    ULYSSES- European Space Agency probe to study the Sun from an orbit over
    its poles. Launched in late 1990, it carries particles-and-fields
    experiments (such as magnetometer, ion and electron collectors for
    various energy ranges, plasma wave radio receivers, etc.) but no camera.

    Since no human-built rocket is hefty enough to send Ulysses far out of
    the ecliptic plane, it went to Jupiter instead, and stole energy from
    that planet by sliding over Jupiter's north pole in a gravity-assist
    manuver in February 1992. This bent its path into a solar orbit tilted
    about 85 degrees to the ecliptic. It will pass over the Sun's south pole
    in the summer of 1993. Its aphelion is 5.2 AU, and, surprisingly, its
    perihelion is about 1.5 AU-- that's right, a solar-studies spacecraft
    that's always further from the Sun than the Earth is!

    While in Jupiter's neigborhood, Ulysses studied the magnetic and
    radiation environment. For a short summary of these results, see
    *Science*, V. 257, p. 1487-1489 (11 September 1992). For gory technical
    detail, see the many articles in the same issue.


    OTHER SPACE SCIENCE MISSIONS (note: this is based on a posting by Ron
    Baalke in 11/89, with ISAS/NASDA information contributed by Yoshiro
    Yamada (yamada@yscvax.ysc.go.jp). I'm attempting to track changes based
    on updated shuttle manifests; corrections and updates are welcome.

    1993 Missions
	o ALEXIS [spring, Pegasus]
	    ALEXIS (Array of Low-Energy X-ray Imaging Sensors) is to perform
	    a wide-field sky survey in the "soft" (low-energy) X-ray
	    spectrum. It will scan the entire sky every six months to search
	    for variations in soft-X-ray emission from sources such as white
	    dwarfs, cataclysmic variable stars and flare stars. It will also
	    search nearby space for such exotic objects as isolated neutron
	    stars and gamma-ray bursters. ALEXIS is a project of Los Alamos
	    National Laboratory and is primarily a technology development
	    mission that uses astrophysical sources to demonstrate the
	    technology. Contact project investigator Jeffrey J Bloch
	    (jjb@beta.lanl.gov) for more information.

	o Wind [Aug, Delta II rocket]
	    Satellite to measure solar wind input to magnetosphere.

	o Space Radar Lab [Sep, STS-60 SRL-01]
	    Gather radar images of Earth's surface.

	o Total Ozone Mapping Spectrometer [Dec, Pegasus rocket]
	    Study of Stratospheric ozone.

	o SFU (Space Flyer Unit) [ISAS]
	    Conducting space experiments and observations and this can be
	    recovered after it conducts the various scientific and
	    engineering experiments. SFU is to be launched by ISAS and
	    retrieved by the U.S. Space Shuttle on STS-68 in 1994.

    1994
	o Polar Auroral Plasma Physics [May, Delta II rocket]
	    June, measure solar wind and ions and gases surrounding the
	    Earth.

	o IML-2 (STS) [NASDA, Jul 1994 IML-02]
	    International Microgravity Laboratory.

	o ADEOS [NASDA]
	    Advanced Earth Observing Satellite.

	o MUSES-B (Mu Space Engineering Satellite-B) [ISAS]
	    Conducting research on the precise mechanism of space structure
	    and in-space astronomical observations of electromagnetic waves.

    1995
	LUNAR-A [ISAS]
	    Elucidating the crust structure and thermal construction of the
	    moon's interior.


    Proposed Missions:
	o Advanced X-ray Astronomy Facility (AXAF)
	    Possible launch from shuttle in 1995, AXAF is a space
	    observatory with a high resolution telescope. It would orbit for
	    15 years and study the mysteries and fate of the universe.

	o Earth Observing System (EOS)
	    Possible launch in 1997, 1 of 6 US orbiting space platforms to
	    provide long-term data (15 years) of Earth systems science
	    including planetary evolution.

	o Mercury Observer
	    Possible 1997 launch.

	o Lunar Observer
	    Possible 1997 launch, would be sent into a long-term lunar
	    orbit. The Observer, from 60 miles above the moon's poles, would
	    survey characteristics to provide a global context for the
	    results from the Apollo program.

	o Space Infrared Telescope Facility
	    Possible launch by shuttle in 1999, this is the 4th element of
	    the Great Observatories program. A free-flying observatory with
	    a lifetime of 5 to 10 years, it would observe new comets and
	    other primitive bodies in the outer solar system, study cosmic
	    birth formation of galaxies, stars and planets and distant
	    infrared-emitting galaxies

	o Mars Rover Sample Return (MRSR)
	    Robotics rover would return samples of Mars' atmosphere and
	    surface to Earch for analysis. Possible launch dates: 1996 for
	    imaging orbiter, 2001 for rover.

	o Fire and Ice
	    Possible launch in 2001, will use a gravity assist flyby of
	    Earth in 2003, and use a final gravity assist from Jupiter in
	    2005, where the probe will split into its Fire and Ice
	    components: The Fire probe will journey into the Sun, taking
	    measurements of our star's upper atmosphere until it is
	    vaporized by the intense heat. The Ice probe will head out
	    towards Pluto, reaching the tiny world for study by 2016.


[deletia- and so on]

I seem to have been rather unclear.

What I was asking is this:

Please show me that the most effective substance-absure recovery
programs involve meetinsg peoples' spiritual needs, rather than
merely attempting to fill peoples' spiritual needs as percieved
by the people, A.A, S.R.C. regulars, or snoopy. This will probably
involve defining "spritual needs" (is it not that clear) and
showing that such things exist and how they can be filled.

Annother tack you might take is to say that "fulfilling spiritual
needs" means "acknowledging a "higher power" of some sort, then
show that systems that do require this, work better than otherwise
identical systems that do not. A correlation here would help you,
but as you point out this might just be demonstrating swapping
one crutch for annother. (however, I do feel that religion is
usually a better crutch than alchohol, as it is not usually
poisonous! :) )

I hope with that clarification, my question will be answerable. I actually
did know about the 12 step program, its the question of what it does,
rather than what it tries to do, that makes a difference to me.
---
			- Dan Johnson
And God said "Jeeze, this is dull"... and it *WAS* dull. Genesis 0:0
I am setting up a video-aid for a computer room for the teacher to share his
display with the class.

I have seen people using video projector, TV sets and large monitor to do
presentations before. I am told that there are three ways to connect video
projector: composite, Y/C & RGB.

Can anyone explain to me the difference and their likely costs?

Please reply to my INETNET E-mail account as well as posting in bulletin:
u129008@sparc20.nuc.edu.tw

I also like to know if there are TELNET or KERMIT for windows.
Howdy all,

	I was wondering if people could e-mail me their opinions on
the various graphics viewers available for MS-Windows 3.x...  I'm
working on a project to set up our scanner and write documentation on
how to use it and it would be nice to have a snazzy image viewer 
to look at (and maybe even edit?) the image you just scanned.

The file formats I'm looking for:

GIF
JPEG
TIFF
PCX
whatever other 'major' file formats there are.

Thanks a lot for your help

Grant

Gilligan = Sloth
Skipper = Anger
Thurston Howell III = Greed
Lovey Howell = Gluttony
Ginger = Lust
Professor = Pride
Mary Ann = Envy


This sounds a bit high to me.  Still higher accelerations have been endured
*very briefly*, during violent deceleration.  If we're talking sustained
acceleration, I think 30-odd gees has been demonstrated using water immersion.

I doubt that any of this generalizes to another order of magnitude.
Does anybody out there have or know how to calculate the RGB values 
required to set the 256 color VGA palette so that the colors from 
0..255 will give 256 colors  of the rainbow ie red, orange, 
yellow, etc.

Any help would be appreciated. Please email to eeerik@cc.newcastle.edu.au

<much drivel deleted>
<more drivel deleted>
A Laugh?  Tony, this religeous bigot scares the shit out of me, and that
any one bothers to listen to him causes me to have grave doubts about the
future of just about anything.  Shades of the Branch Davidians, Jim Jones,
and Charlie Manson.

--Uncle Wolf
--Member Highland Lodge 748 F&AM (Grand Lodge of California)
--Babtized a Southern Babtist
--And one who has beliefs beyond the teachings of either.
[much of the excellent post deleted for space -- TjL]

)->With all the suffering and persecution that it meant to be a believer,  
it
)->would be quite probable that at least one of those in the supposed  
conspiracy
)->would come forward and confess that the whole thing was a big hoax.   
Yet
)->not one did.  It seems rather reasonable that the disciples did not  
make
)->up the resurrection but sincerely believed that Jesus had actually  
risen
)->from the dead; especially in light of the sufferings that came upon  
those
)->who believed.


I was at the "Jubilee" conference this year in Pittsburgh PA, and the  
speaker there spoke of this as well. He talked about many of the same  
things you mentioned in your post, but here he went into a little more  
detail.  I'll paraphrase as best I can:

"Suppose you were part of the `Christian consipracy' which was going to  
tell people that Christ had risen.  Never mind the stoning, the being  
burned alive, the possible crucifixion ... let's just talk about a  
scourging.  The whip that would be used would have broken pottery, metal,  
bone, and anything else that they could find attached to it.  You would be  
stood facing a wall, with nothing to protect you.

"When the whip hit you the first time, it would tear the flesh off you  
with instant incredibly intense pain.  You would think to yourself `All  
this for a lie?'  The second hit would drop you to your knees, you would  
scream out in agony that your raw back was being torn at again.  You would  
say to yourself: `All this for a lie?'  And you had 37 more coming.

"At the third hit you would scream out that it was all a lie, beg for them  
to stop, and tell them that you would swear on your life that it had all  
been a lie, if they would only stop...."

It is amazing enough that those who believed kept their faith under such  
torture.... but for a lie?  There is no one fool enough to do that.... And  
no one came forward.

Excellent post John, thanks for taking the time.


Sketch:  Rotate so cylinder axis is || Z axis.

Intersect X/Y projection of line with projected cylinder (similar to,
but easier than, sphere intersection).  Result: no intersection, one
intersection, or two intersections, parameterized along line by t0 and
t1.  Now look at Z, and compute intersections of line with top and
bottom planes of cylinder.  This gives t0' and t1'.  The interval of
intersection is then the bit of the line from [t0,t1] INTERSECT [t0',t1'].

Details left as an exercise for the reader.

=S
Firstly, I am an atheist. I am not posting here as an immature flame
start, but rather to express an opinion to my intended audience.

The meaning of my existence is a question I ask myself daily.  I live 
in fear of what will happen when I  die.   

I bet some of you are licking your lips now, because you think that
I'm a person on the edge of accepting jeezus.             

I was raised in a religious atmosphere, and attended 13 years of
religious educational institutions..  I know the bible well. So well
I can recognize many passages from memory.  

<<****Strong opinions start here...****>>

1) The human being is an _animal_ who has, due to his/her advanced
mental facilities, developed religious as a satisfiable solution to
explain the unexplainable.  (For example the ancient Greeks believed
that Apollo drove his chariot across the sky each day was real.  Due
to the advancement of our technology, we know this to be false.  

Christianity is an infectious cult.  The reasons it flourishes are 
because 1) it gives people without hope or driven purpose in life
a safety blanked to hide behind.  "Oh wow..all i have to do is 
follow this christian moral standard and I get eternal happiness."
For all of you "found jeezus" , how many of you were "on the brink?"

but i digress...   The other reason christianity flourishes is its
infectious nature.  A best friend of mine breifly entered a christian
group and within months, they set ministry guidelines for him which
basicaly said this -->Priority #1 Spread the Word.


We are _just_ animals.  We need sleep, food, and we reproduce.  And we
die.      

Religion (especially Christianity) is nothing more than a DRUG.
Some people use drugs as an escape from reality.  Christians inject
themselves with jeezus and live with that high. 

It pities me how many millions of lives have been lost in religious
wars, of which Christianity has had no small part.

When Christians see a "non-believer", they say that person is blind
to the truth, but they cannot realize that it is _they_ who live
with this mask of fakeness each day.  Jesus was just prophet #37696 
who happened to have a large influence because at that time the Romans
were (circa 69ad) dispersing the Jewish population and communities
needed some sort of cohesive element to keep them strong in that time
of dire need.

I must go.  These are but a few of my thoughts on Christianity.




A very good modeling package I found is `irit' (look for irit.tar.Z).
However there is no converter from it's format to POV format. I postet 
a request for such a converter in this group but got no response,
so I'm considering to write such a program myself.



I do recall Watt making a comment to this effect, though it was quite a few
years back and I can't cite the specifics.  I also recall that Cecil Andrus, who
was Secretary of the Interior during the Carter Administration, responded
to Watt's comments by pointing out the stewardship role that God gave
to man, as recorded in Genesis.  Which makes me wonder: who are the
true conservatives?  It seems to me that a *conservative* should want to
*conserve* things of value for long-term societal benefit.  This form of
*conservation* should logically extend to the physical environment in 
which people live, as well as the moral environment in which they relate
to one another and to God.

IMHO, Watt's stewardship status is not enhanced by the fact that he served 
on the board of directors for Jim Bakker's organization, during a time in 
which Bakker committed criminal acts which eventually landed Bakker 
in federal prison.
Found it! Thanks. I got several offers for help. I appreciate it and
will be contacting those people via e-mail.

Thanks again...
[text deleted]

I wish that you had followed this thread before jumping to conclusions.
I haven't seen anybody write that AIDS was a *punishment* for certain
types of sin (this includes Mark Ashley who you were responding to
here).  I myself wrote that when you don't do things God's way that
curses will come on you and others.  Although one definition of 'curse'
is 'retribution', I only meant 'harm or misfortune' when I used the
word.  Because God loves us he has told us the best way to live in his
Bible.  God doesn't cause curses, he warns us of them.

Kevin Davis wrote (a while ago):

The Bible makes it clear that we all equally deserve death (which is
much worse than AIDS) -- we have all hurt God with our sin.

Paul Conditt reveals his feelings:

The first issue you bring up is your anger.  It is "obvious"ly wrong to
be angry (Gal 5:19-20) for any reason, especially *extremely* angry
which is on par with hatred.  Jesus has every reason to be angry at us
for putting him on the cross with our sin, yet his prayer was "forgive
them Father, they know not what they do."  Knowing how forgiving Jesus
has been with me calls me to be more forgiving with everyone out of
love for Him.  Please don't give in to anger, it will only cause
foolish quarrels and more bad feelings.

It's okay if you read something that bothers you, but you need to
address it in a loving way.  If right now, I felt like someone out
there was saying that God punishes gay or sexually immoral people with
AIDS because they deserve punishment that others don't then I would
frame a response something like this:

"It makes me feel very sad for someone to believe that AIDS, which is
simply a harmful disease not so unlike any other, is God's punishment
for people who have committed certain sins.  God loves all of his
children equally and rejoices when a single one comes back to him.  We
will all be judged after we die, but until then we all have the
opportunity to accept God's grace by earnestly seeking after him with
all of our hearts, believing the gospel's testimony, repenting of our
sin, confessing that Jesus is Lord at baptism, and living a new life
for him.
 Let us not judge someone to be eternally condemned.  God's arm is not
to short to save.  He will do anything he can to move a hardened heart
or a misled person.  He works for the good of all men.  Even through
the worst of situations, he has set the times and places for all men
that they may perhaps reach out and find him."

The second issue you bring up is seeing people rationalize their fears
of people with AIDS.  Fortunately, what you describe as seeing is
actually misperceiving.  You have been missing the points made in the
earlier posts and reacting in anger to attitudes that haven't been
expressed.  I know that its sometimes hard to discount your
perceptions, but please try to be open-minded.

You are quite correct in saying that we should reach out to all people
because they all need Jesus.  This is what my brothers and sisters and
I do on a daily basis.  If you would like to send me the name of the
city and state you live in, I will find and get you in touch with some
brothers who have AIDS or know people with AIDS and live nearby you so
that you can see the loving attitudes for yourself.

The third issue you bring up is the importance of how some individual
contracted AIDS.  How someone gets AIDS is only relevant to their
salvation in that there may be repetence involved.

The important point to be made, however, is that not listening to God's
commands (or advice or warnings), i.e. sinning, causes harm or
misfortune to yourself and others.  For this reason, a good way to
prevent the misfortune of AIDS, which can be transmitted in sinful ways,
is to listen to God's advice and have sex only with your wife or
husband.

I hope that you are feeling better now, Paul.

Love,




I would just like to point out that it is much easier to place an
object at orbital altitude than it is to place it with orbital
velocity.  For a target 300 km above the surface of Earth,
you need a delta-v of 2.5 km/s.  Assuming that rockets with specific
impulses of 300 seconds are easy to produce, a rocket with a dry
weight of 50 kg would require only about 65 kg of fuel+oxidizer.
A small dispersal charge embedded in about 20 kg of sand or
birdshot (depending on the nature of the structure) would be
the payload.  I am sure the whole project is well within
the capability of the amateur rocketry community.

It sounds like a good Science Fair project--'Reduction
of Light Pollution Through Applied Ballistics'.
Or, it could be part of the Challenge Prize being discussed
here: $1 billion for the first person to spend 1 year
on the moon, $1 million for the first erradication of
an orbital eyesore/CCD burner.  I wouldpledge $1000
for the first person to bring it down, and I am sure
there are at least 999 other astronomers, nature lovers,
or just plain people of good taste who would do likewise.

Of course, a  Gerald Bull solution might be simpler.
(Either the solution Gerald Bull would apply--the use
of a large caliber gun; or the solution which was applied
to Gerald Bull--the use of a small caliber gun.)


There are several public domain utilities available at your usual
archive site that allow 'extraction' of single frames from a .gl
file, check in the 'graphics' directories under *grasp.  The problem 
is that the .clp files you generate cannot be decoded by any of 
the many pd format converters I have used. Any hint welcome!
Let me know if you have problems locating the utilities.
Hope it helps.

I'm interested if anyone out here can point me towards a review of the
following book in any scholarly Christian journal, whether it be
conservative or liberal, Protestant or Catholic.

_The_Lost_Years_of_Jesus_ (documentary evidence for Jesus' 17 year
journey to the East), by Elizabeth Clare Prophet.  Supposedly this
is a theory that was refuted in the past, and she has re-examined it.

I thought this was just another novel book, but I saw it listed as
a text for a class in religious studies here.  Also, the endorsements seem
to come from some credible sources, so I'm wondering if scholars have
reviewed it (or anyone on the net, for that matter).

Hello,



	I just bought a copy.  I can't disagree that it is a very good
book.  But unfortunately I was looking for the same graphics feature
described in this book but _NOT_ in 640x480x16 or 320x200x256 mode. It
is easy to accomodate all the pixel "descriptor" (or color attributes)
in those modes into A0000-AFFFFF, but not in 640x480x256(which is what
I am interested in).  I haven't finish the book but I affraid the
author didn't talk much about this mode(or other SVGA modes).  If
anyone out there know any good book dealing with fast SVGA graphics
manupulation(scrolling, repainting, all other good stuff..) please
send me mail.  Programming guide to SVGA card is also welcome.

	Thanks in advance.


 
************************************************************************
*                         Tiang   T.    Foo                            *
*		      tiang@uokmax.ecn.uoknor.edu 		       *
************************************************************************    
To recapitulate a bit:

- The essence of marriage is two people's commitment to each other.

- If two people claim to be married "in their hearts" but are not
  willing to have the marriage recognized by church and state, that's
  prima facie evidence that the commitment isn't really there.

- There are obvious situations in which Christian marriage is possible
  without a civil or church wedding: if you're stranded on a desert
  island, or if your state forbids the marriage for an unjust reason
  (e.g., laws against interracial marriage).

- The legal concept of "common-law marriage" is meant to ensure that
  the state will recognize marriages that did not start out with the
  usual ceremony and record-keeping.

- Pastorally, I'm concerned that people should not use "being married
  in God's eyes" as an excuse for living together without a formal wedding.
  One has a duty to have one's marriage properly recorded and witnessed.
  
- But there are also people who have been through a wedding ceremony
  without making a genuine commitment, and therefore are not married
  in God's eyes.  Right?
-- 
:-  Michael A. Covington, Associate Research Scientist        :    *****
:-  Artificial Intelligence Programs      mcovingt@ai.uga.edu :  *********
:-  The University of Georgia              phone 706 542-0358 :   *  *  *
:-  Athens, Georgia 30602-7415 U.S.A.     amateur radio N4TMI :  ** *** **  <><
I would like the opinion of netters on a subject that has been bothering my
wife and me lately: liturgy, in particular, Catholic liturgy.  In the last few
years it seems that there are more and more ad hoc events during Mass.  It's
driving me crazy!  The most grace-filled aspect of a liturgical tradition is
that what happens is something we _all_ do together, because we all know how to 
do it.  Led by the priest, of course, which makes it a kind of dialogue we 
present to God.  But the best Masses I've been to were participatory prayers.

Lately, I think the proportion of participation has fallen, and the proportion
of sitting there and watching, or listening, or generally being told what to do
(which is necessary because no one knows what's happening next) is growing.
Example.  Last Sunday (Palm Sunday) we went to the local church.  Usually
on Palm Sunday, the congregation participates in reading the Passion, taking
the role of the mob.  The theology behind this seems profound--when we say
"Crucify him" we mean it.  We did it, and if He came back today we'd do it
again.  It always gives me chills.  But last week we were "invited" to sit
during the Gospel (=Passion) and _listen_.  Besides the Orwellian "invitation", 
I was really saddened to have my (and our) little role taken away.  This seems
typical of a shift of participation away from the people, and toward the
musicians, readers, and so on.  New things are introduced in the course of the
liturgy and since no one knows what's happening, the new things have to be
explained, and pretty soon instead of _doing_ a lot of the Mass we're just
sitting there listening (or spacing out, in my case) to how the Mass is about
to be done.  In my mind, I lay the blame on liturgy committees made up of lay
"experts", but that may not be just.  I do think that a liturgy committee has a
bias toward doing something rather than nothing--that's just a fact of
bureaucratic life--even though a simpler liturgy may in fact make it easier for
people to be aware of the Lord's presence.

So we've been wondering--are we the oddballs, or is the quality of the Mass
going down?  I don't mean that facetiously.  We go to Mass every Thursday or
Friday and are reminded of the power of a very simple liturgy to make us aware 
of God's presence.  But as far as the obligatory Sunday Masses...maybe I should 
just offer it up :)  Has anyone else noticed declining congregational
participation in Catholic Masses lately?


Are you volunteering? :)


Will NASA have "available landing sites" in the Russian Republic, now that they
are Our Friends and Comrades?


+At one time there was speculation that the first spacewalk 
+(Alexei Leonov ?) was a staged fake.
+
+Has any evidence to support or contradict this claim emerged ?
+
+Was this claim perhaps another fevered Cold War hallucination ?

I, for one, would be an avid reader of a sci.space.ussr.what.really.
happened.

I think it was Lewis who said that in a wedding, it's the principals  
that marry each other; the church and the state are present merely as  
witnesses.

------------------------------------------------------------
Rob Steele                 In coming to understand anything 
MIT Lincoln Laboratory    we are rejecting the facts as they
244 Wood St., M-203       are for us in favour of the facts
Lexington, MA  02173      as they are.    
617/981-2575                              C.S. Lewis




   There are several star map programs available.  Your
   job is to choose that you like.  Try anonymous-FTP
   from:

	ftp.funet.fi:pub/astro/pc/stars
			       pc/solar
                               mac
			       amiga
			       atari
Regarding David Wilkerson's prophecies.  While I'm not real sure of
his credibility, I do remember a book he wrote, called A VISION or
something like that.  He made a prediction that people who bought gold
would be hurt financially.  At the time, gold was up to about $800;
now it is less than half that.  This prediction stuck in my mind
because a lot of people where I worked were buying gold.

The problem is, we tend to remember predictions that come true and
forget ones that didn't (a la Jean Dixon).  Does anyone know if there
any of his predictions, perhaps from the book I mentioned, that can
pretty definitely be said to have not come true?
I aparantly mistyped the address for the ftp site which holds the images. The
correct address should be:

jupiter.csd.unb.ca
                ^^
rather than jupiter.csd.unb.edu.  They are in the directory:

\pub\library.info
We are not at the end of the Space Age, but only at the end of Its
beginning.

That space exploration is no longer a driver for technical innovation,
or a focus of American cultural attention is certainly debatable; however,
technical developments in other quarters will always be examined for
possible applications in the space area and we can look forward to
many innovations that might enhance the capabilities and lower the
cost of future space operations. 

The Dream is Alive and Well.

Hi,
It might be nice to know, what's possible on different hard ware platforms.
But usually the hard ware is fixed ( in my case either Unix or DOS- PC ).
So I'm not much interested in Amiga news. 

In the case of Software, I won't get any comercial software mentioned in this
newgroup to run on a Unix- platform, so I'm not interested in this information.

I would suggest to split the group. I don't see the problem of cross-posting.
Then you need to read just 2 newgroups with half the size. 

BUT WHAT WOULD BE MORE IMPORTANT IS TO HAVE A FAQ. THIS WOULD REDUCE THE
TRAFFIC A LOT.

Sincerely, Gerhard
That is an idea.. The most efficient moon habitat.. 

also the idea of how to get the people off the moon once the prize was won..

Also the idea of how to rescue someone who is "dying" on the moon.

Maybe have a area where they can all "see" each other, and can help each other
if something happens.. 

I liek the idea of one prize for the first moon landing and return, by a
non-governmental body..

Also the idea of then having a moon habitat race.. 

I know we need to do somthing to get people involved..

Eccentric millionaire/billionaire would be nice.. We see how old Ross feels
about it.. After all it would be a great promotional thing and a way to show he
does care about commericalization and the people.. Will try to broach the
subject to him.. 

Moonbase on the cheap is a good idea.. NASA and friends seem to take to much
time and give us to expensive stuff that of late does not work (hubble and
such). Basically what is the difference between a $1mil peice of junk and a
multi $1mil piece of junk.. I know junk..




YES! Give me his name I would greatly appreciate it.



Rich

No, and Im especially unhappy that these 70+ people died in an assault
on private property with government armored vehicles.

I am also unhappy (or actually, very suspicious) that the FBI was dismissing
out of hand any chances that they might have accidentally set the blaze 
themselves. I mean, I guess we are just supposed to believe that
ramming modified tanks into the walls of a building and injecting
toxic gases into the building are just routine procedures, no WAY
anything could go wrong.






Rather than decide which book you want to buy, you need to decide which
programming interface you want to use, then buy the appropriate book.

I wrote an article for the X Resource which discusses the differences
between PHIGS and PEXlib (it will appear in Issue 6 which should be out
pretty soon).  But here's a brief summary...

PHIGS is a graphics API which was designed to be portable to many
devices.  Most implementations support the X Window System and take
advantage of a 3D extension to X called "PEX".  PEXlib is a slightly
"lower" level API which was designed to efficiently support the PEX
extension to X.

Some advantages of using PEXlib...
- Integrates with Xlib,Xt,Motif,etc. better than PHIGS
- Provides immediate mode capabilities
- Is free of "policy"
- PEX supports PHIGS, but is currently being extended to support
  features not found in PHIGS (like texture mapping, anti-aliasing).
  PEXlib will give you access to all of these features.

Some advantages of using PHIGS...
- Support for multiple devices, not just X based ones
- Support for archiving, metafiles, hardcopy output
- PHIGS has predefined input devices to make input easier
- PHIGS can handle exposure events and resizing for you
- PHIGS can help you with colormap selection/creation.

If you're working strictly in X and don't care about things like
archiving, I would go with PEXlib.  Either way, you will find that
both API's have a lot in common.
Sorry I missed you Raymond, I was just out in Dahlgren last month...

I'm the Virtual Reality market manager for Silicon Graphics, so perhaps I
can help a little.



Unfortunately, while SGI systems were used to create the special effects
for both Terminator 2 and Lawnmower Man, those are film-quality computer
graphics, rendered in software and written to film a frame at a time.  Each
frame of computer animation for those films took hours to render on
high-end parallel processing computer systems. Thus, that level of graphics
would be difficult, if not impossible, to acheive in real time (30 frames
per second).




It depends upon how serious you are and how advanced your application is.
True immersive visualization (VR), requires the rendering of complex visual
databases at anywhere from 20 to 60 newly rendered frames per second.  This
is a similar requirement to that of traditional flight simulators for pilot
training. If the frame rate is too low, the user notices the stepping of
the frames as they move their head rapidly around the scene, so the motion
of the graphics is not smooth and contiguous.  Thus the graphics system
must be powerful enough to sustain high frame rates while rendering complex
data representations.

Additionally, the frame rate must be constant.  If the system renders 15
frames per second at one point, then 60 frames per second the next (perhaps
due to the scene in the new viewing direction being simpler than what was
visible before), the user can get heavily distracted by the medium (the
graphics computer) rather than focusing on the data. To maintain a constant
frame rate, the system must be able to run in real-time.  UNIX in general
does not support real-time operation, but Silicon Graphics has modified the
UNIX kernel for its multi-processor systems to be able to support real-time
operation, bypassing the usual UNIX process priority-management schemes. 
Uniprocessor systems running UNIX cannot fundamentally support real-time
operation (not Sun SPARC10, not HP 700 Series systems, not IBM RS-6000, not
even SGI's uniprocessor systems like Indigo or Crimson). Only our
multiprocessor Onyx and Challenge systems support real-time operation due
to their Symmetric Multi-Processing (SMP) shared-memory architecture.

From a graphics perspective, rendering complex virtual environments
requires advanced rendering techniques like texture mapping and real-time
multi-sample anti-aliasing.  Of all of the general purpose graphics systems
on the market today, only Crimson RealityEngine and Onyx RealityEngine2
systems fully support these capabilities. The anti-aliasing is particularly
important, as the crawling jagged edges of aliased polygons is an
unfortunate distraction when immersed in a virtual environment.



You can use the general purpose graphics libraries listed above to develop
VR applications, but that is starting at a pretty low level. There are
off-the- shelf software packages available to get you going much faster,
being targeted directly at the VR application developer. Some of the most
popular are (in no particular order):

	- Division Inc.		    (Redwood City, CA) - dVS
	- Sens8 Inc.		    (Sausalito, CA)    - WorldToolKit
	- Naval Postgraduate School (Monterey, CA)     - NPSnet (FREE!)
	- Gemini Technology Corp    (Irvine, CA)       - GVS Simation Series
	- Paradigm Simulation Inc.  (Dallas, TX)       - VisionWorks, AudioWorks
	- Silicon Graphics Inc.	    (Mountain View,CA) - IRIS Performer

There are some others, but not off the top of my head...

	

There are too many to list here, but here is a smattering:

	- Fake Space Labs	    (Menlo Park,CA)    - BOOM
	- Virtual Technologies Inc. (Stanford, CA)     - CyberGlove
	- Digital Image Design	    (New York, NY)     - The Cricket (3D input)
	- Kaiser Electro Optics	    (Carlsbad, CA)     - Sim Eye Helmet Displays
	- Virtual Research	    (Sunnyvale, CA)    - Flight Helmet display
	- Virtual Reality Inc.	    (Pleasantville,NY) - Head Mtd Displays, s/w
	- Software Systems	    (San Jose, CA)     - 3D Modeling software
	- etc., etc., etc.




Read some of the VR books on the market:

	- Virtual Reality - Ken Pimental and Ken Texiera (sp?)
	- Virtual Mirage
	- Artificial Reality - Myron Kreuger
	- etc.

Or check out the newsgroup sci.virtual_worlds

Feel free to contact me for more info.

Regards,

Josh

-- 

{Dan Johnson asked for evidence that the most effective abuse 
recovery programs involve meeting people's spiritual needs.

I responded:
 In 12-step programs (like Alcoholics Anonymous), one of the steps
 involves acknowleding a "higher power".  AA and other 12-step abuse-
 recovery programs are acknowledged as being among the most effective.}

Dan Johnson clarified:



Thanks again.  One final question.  The name Gehrels wasn't known to
me before this thread came up, but the May issue of Scientific American
has an article about the "Inconstant Cosmos", with a photo of Neil
Gehrels, project scientist for NASA's Compton Gamma Ray Observatory.
Same person?
-- 
Mark Brader, SoftQuad Inc., Toronto	"Information! ... We want information!"
utzoo!sq!msb, msb@sq.com				-- The Prisoner
seanna@bnr.ca (Seanna (S.M.) Watson) asks:
 > What is the objection to celebration of Easter?
 
       The objection naturally is in the way in which you phrase it. 
Easter (or Eashtar or Ishtar or Ishtarti or other spellings) is the pagan
whore goddess of fertility.  Therefore, your question to me is "what is
the objection to celebration of the pagan whore goddess?"  When phrased
that way I suspect (or at least I would HOPE) that it becomes immeadiately
apparent what my objection to "celebrating" her would be.
 
 > It is celebration of the resurrection of Jesus.
 
      No, you are thinking perhaps of "Ressurection Sunday" I think. 
(Though I'm not too crazy about the word "Sunday", but I certainly like
this phrasing much better than envoking the name of the whore goddess.)
     For that matter, stay Biblical and call it Omar Rasheet (The Feast of
First Fruits).  Torah commands that this be observed on the day following
the Sabbath of Passover week.  (Sunday by any other name in modern
parlance.)  Why is there so much objection to observing the Resurrection
on the 1st day of the week on which it actually occured?  Why jump it all
over the calendar the way Easter does?  Why not just go with the Sunday
following Passover the way the Bible has it?  Why seek after unbiblical
methods?
 
 > I don't recall a command in Scripture for us to celebrate
 > the resurrection, but it is the sole and only reason that
 > we are Christians--how could we not celebrate it?
 
      So what does this question have to do with Easter (the whore
goddess)?  I am all for celebrating the Resurrection.  Just keep that
whore out of the discussion.
 
 > If it is only the name which is a problem, I suggest that if
 > we are too concerned about etymology, there are a lot of
 > words we are going to have to drop.  (As an aside, some
 > terminally PC people here in Ottawa want dictionaries to be
 > altered so that there are no negative definitions associated
 > with the word _black_, so as not to offend people of colour.
 
       Yes, I have heard of your newspapers speaking of the need to repave
streets with "Afro-Canadiantop".  <grin> (I still think "blacktop" sounds
better though.)
 
 > As a short person, I hope they will also remove the definition
 > "curt or surly" associated with my physical description.)
 
       Fine by me.  And while we are at it, the left-handed people are
both "sinister" and "gauche" so we probably will have some objections from
that quarter as well.
 
 > In Quebec French, the word for the celebration of the
 > resurrection is "Pa^ques"--this is etymologically related
 > to Pesach (Passover) and the pascal lamb.  So is the
 > French Canadian (mostly Roman Catholic) celebration better
 > because it uses the right name?
 
      Yes, that sounds much better to me.  Is there anyone out there would
thinks that phrasing sounds worse?
 
 > So from this I infer that there are different rules for
 > Christians of Jewish descent?  What happened to "there is
 > neither Jew nor Greek, slave nor free, male nor female, for
 > all are one in Christ Jesus"?
 
      Read the letter to Philemon.  Now tell me, was Philemon's "slave"
returned to him?  Were there different rules upon the slave than upon
Philemon?  How about male and female?  Are there different "rules" that
apply to them as well?  Or if there is no more "male and female" can Adam
and Steve get married to each other in your congregation?  Yes, there are
differences in form and function.  But the way we come to Salvation in
Messiah remains the same no matter what our position in life.
 
---------------------------------------

[I am in general not in favor of continuing this discussion, as it
seems repetitive, but this particular point is one that I believe is
new -- the objection is not to having a holiday but to its name.

I'd like to suggest that people think very carefully about this
argument.  Words often change their meaning over time.  The days of
the week are of course originally based on pagan gods.  Some
Christians prefer to refer to "first day", "second day", etc.  However
the majority of Christians have not been persuaded.  The question
seems to be whether it makes any difference what the dictionary shows
as the derivation of a word, if what people mean by it and think when
they use it is different.

Indeed I'd like to suggest that postings like this could themselves be
dangerous.  Suppose people in general use Easter to mean the
celebration of Christ's resurrection.  Postings trying to convince
them that they really mean a celebration in honor of some godess run
the risk of creating exactly the situation that they claim to oppose.
They are doing their best to *create* a linkage in people's minds
between their celebration and the pagan goddess.  It's not clear that
this is a healthy thing.

I became aware of the claim years ago.  So I decided to check it out, on my
own.  But, then, that was in BN times (Before Net).  So, here are some 
references.  See Robin Lane Fox's _The unauthorized version_, (p.284) where 
Lane Fox writes, "... the one passage which appears to [comment on Jesus' 
career] is agreed to be a Christian addition."

In my Re:Albert Sabin response (C5u7sJ.391@sunfish.usd.edu) to Jim Lippard (21
April 93), I noted that consensus is typically indicated subtly as in Elaine 
Pagel's _The gnostic gospels_ (p.85), to wit:  "A comment *attributed* to
Josephus reports ... [emphasis mine]".  Scholars sometimes do not even mention
the two Josephus entries, another subtlety reflecting consensus.

So far as I can deduce, today's consensus is built on at least three things: 
1) the long passage is way out of context, 2) Origen did not know about the
long passage, and 3) the short and long passages are contradictory. 
I don't know the references wherein the arguments which led to consensus are
orginally developed (does anyone?).

Biblical scholars as I defined them include theologians and historians.  The
former, like the latter, incorporate historical, social, technological and
ideological contexts as well as theology.  So the distinction is blurred.  I 
didn't elaborate on that.  Sorry.  (In turn, historians are compelled to
incorporate theology).

Can't say about the number of copies.  These were, however, BG times (Before 
Gutenburg).  A hundred first editions seems exceedingly high; counting on one 
hand seems more reasonable.  Perhaps those mss. without the long insert (if any,
because anything is possible) have been destroyed.  Such a practice is 
certainly not foreign to religions.  Anyway, all we have are mss. which have 
the two entries.  Lippart (in the message noted above) talks about an Arabic 
ms.  But here the ms. date is critical.

:-)
Recently I saw the latest Computer Shopper and in it there was an article
on nice shareware graphics programs. They looked pretty good and of the 6
listed in the article, one I had (Graphics Workshop), one I found via
archie (Draft Choice - old version though) and the rest I couldn't find.
So if there is anyone that knows where I can get the following programs
via anonymous ftp, please let me know.

Adkins Graphics :AG1.ZIP, AG2.ZIP
Draft Choice (latest VGA version) : DRAFTC.ZIP
Envision Publisher: ENVIS1.ZIP, ENVIS2.ZIP
Neopaint: NEOPNT.ZIP

Thanx in advance.
D.PETRO 
For those who are interested in Ray Traced pictures, there is a nice example
on alt.binaries.pictures.misc. The file is called Poolball.gif. It shows a
pooltable with... YES! ... poolballs!
Resolution: 1024x768,  colours: 256 (only).
The TGA (24 bit) version is also available, but a bit big (2.4Mb) to post.
The picture is created with POV-ray.




Enjoy!


_Gerco_
__cgschot@cs.ruu.nl__


C-3's bird may be flaking out and expecting to die soon.

or C-3  may orbit over  major users areas, and it may be
needed to provide  redundancy on that plane  while b-4  may orbit
over hicksville, and not have muc of a user community.

I finished reading a very good book, "The Will of God", Weatherhead.
This was very helpful to me in applying thought to the subject of the
will of God.

Weatherhead broke the will of God into three distinct parts;
intentional will, circumstancial will, and ultimate will.  He
(Weatherhead) also refuted the last statement (above) by Michael
Parkin above quite nicely.

Summarizing; _despite_ the failures of humankind, God's ultimate will
is never to be defeated.  God's intentions may be interfered with,
even temporarily defeated by the will of humankind, brought down by
circumstance.  His ultimate will (the reconcilication of all
humankind) will never be stopped.

Time after time, Weatherhead used the Cross as the best description of
this process at work.  His points, paraphrased, were 1) God's
intentional will was for Jesus, the Christ, to live out a full life
and perform the work of the Living God.  2) The failures, sins, and
deviousness of humankind frustrated God's intent for His Son.  3)
Despite the circumstance, God's ultimate will was revealed in the
Cross, as Jesus willingly ("not my will, Lord, but yours") died for
the redemption of all humankind.  The Cross was utterly triumphant,
overcoming even the most cruel of circumstances.


It was not the intentional will of God.  It was the circumstancial
will, thus enabling the victory of the ultimate will.



Right, intentional will.

(Just like the Jewish people

We know neither the time nor the place.  He will return as a thief in the night.

Peace.

Rob

;From the article "What's New" Apr-16-93 in sci.physics.research:
;
;........
;WHAT'S NEW (in my opinion), Friday, 16 April 1993  Washington, DC
;
;1. SPACE BILLBOARDS! IS THIS ONE THE "SPINOFFS" WE WERE PROMISED?
;What about light pollution in observations? (I read somewhere else that
;it might even be visible during the day, leave alone at night).
;Is NASA really supporting this junk?
;Are protesting groups being organized in the States?
;Really, really depressed.
;
;             Enzo

I wouldn't worry about it.  There's enough space debris up there that
a mile-long inflatable would probably deflate in some very short
period of time (less than a year) while cleaning up LEO somewhat.
Sort of a giant fly-paper in orbit.

Hmm, that could actually be useful.

As for advertising -- sure, why not?  A NASA friend and I spent one
drunken night figuring out just exactly how much gold mylar we'd need
to put the golden arches of a certain American fast food organization
on the face of the Moon.  Fortunately, we sobered up in the morning.
Yes, there are serveral programs which can convert font files (eq the Borland
fonts) to objects consisting of spheres, cones etc. 
I've used a program (forgot its name/place, but i can look for it) which
converted these Borland fonts to three different raytracers. Vivid, POV and
Polyray (which i like more (more flexibel/faster/use of expressions etc).
The program has a lot nice features.
So if interested give me a mail.
Hi, I'm looking for the 3-D studio driver for the
	Oak card with 1 M of RAM.
	This would be GREATLY (and I mean that) appreciated

A practical suggestion, to be sure, but one could *also* peek into
news.lists, where Brian Reid has posted "USENET Readership report for
Mar 93." Another posting called "USENET READERSHIP SUMMARY REPORT FOR
MAR 93" gives the methodology and caveats of Reid's survey.  (These
postings failed to appear for a while-- I wonder why?-- but they are
now back.)

Reid, alas, gives us no measure of the "power/influence" of readers...
Sorry, Mark.

I suspect Mark, dangling out there on Fidonet, may not get news.lists
so I've mailed him copies of these reports.

The bottom line?

        +-- Estimated total number of people who read the group, worldwide.
        |     +-- Actual number of readers in sampled population
        |     |     +-- Propagation: how many sites receive this group at all
        |     |     |      +-- Recent traffic (messages per month)
        |     |     |      |      +-- Recent traffic (kilobytes per month)
        |     |     |      |      |      +-- Crossposting percentage
        |     |     |      |      |      |    +-- Cost ratio: $US/month/rdr
        |     |     |      |      |      |    |      +-- Share: % of newsrders
        |     |     |      |      |      |    |      |   who read this group.
        V     V     V      V      V      V    V      V
  88  62000  1493   80%  1958  4283.9    19%  0.10   2.9%  sci.space 

The first figure indicates that sci.space ranks 88th among most-read
newsgroups.

I've been keeping track sporadically to watch the growth of traffic
and readership.  You might be entertained to see this.

Oct 91   55  71000  1387   84%   718  1865.2    21%  0.04   4.2%  sci.space
Mar 92   43  85000  1741   82%  1207  2727.2    13%  0.06   4.1%  sci.space
Jul 92   48  94000  1550   80%  1044  2448.3    12%  0.04   3.8%  sci.space
May 92   45  94000  2023   82%   834  1744.8    13%  0.04   4.1%  sci.space
(some kind of glitch in estimating number of readers happens here)
Sep 92   45  51000  1690   80%  1420  3541.2    16%  0.11   3.6%  sci.space 
Nov 92   78  47000  1372   81%  1220  2633.2    17%  0.08   2.8%  sci.space 
(revision in ranking groups happens here(?))
Mar 93   88  62000  1493   80%  1958  4283.9    19%  0.10   2.9%  sci.space 

Possibly old Usenet hands could give me some more background on how to
interpret these figures, glitches, or the history of Reid's reporting
effort.  Take it to e-mail-- it doesn't belong in sci.space.


My first thought is Ross Perot.  After further consideration, I think he'd
be more likely to try to win it...but come in a disappointing third.

Try Bill Gates.  Try Sam Walton's kids.

Matt
: 
: >I've got the 6.0 spec (obviously since I quoted it in my last posting). 
: >My gripe about TIFF is that it's far too complicated and nearly
: >infinitely easier to write than to read,...
: 
: Why not use the PD C library for reading/writing TIFF files? It took me a
: good 20 minutes to start using them in your own app.
: 
: Martin
: 
What is the name of this PD C library for TIFF.  I'd like to get a copy of it,
but I can't Archie for something I don't have the filename for.

How does that compare with JPEG on the same images and hardware as far
as size, speed, and image quality are concerned?

Despite my skeptical and sometimes nearly rabid postings
criticizing Barnsley and company, I am very interested in the
technique.  If I weren't I probably wouldn't be so critical. :-)

Didn't Paul write that if the Resurrection is not true, we are the
biggest fools of all?  However, whether you believe in Christ or not,
His teachings (e.g. love your brotherman as yourself), even if only 
followed at a secular level, could do a great deal to alleviate some of 
the problems we see today in the world.  Even when I was a rabid atheist 
I couldn't deny that.

How is it ever going to be an Off- the Shelf Technology if someone doesn't
do it?  Maybe we should do this as part of the SSF design goals. ;-)

Gee fred.  After your bitter defense of 20 KHz power as a Basic technology
for SSF, Id think you would support a minor research program like this.

And does anyone who knows more Particle physics then me,  know if the IPNS
could Prove this technology?


Another source:  There's a poly blitter for mode y (mode x in 320x200)
at sunee.uwaterloo.ca.  Also there is REND386, an even faster 3D
renderer with VR extensions.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------



    Yes, please create the group alt.raytrace soon!!
I'm hooked on pov.
geez. like I don't have anything better to do....
OH!! dave letterman is on...



  I question the implications of this statement; namely, that there are certain
physical acts which are limited to God and that attempting to replicate these
acts is blasphemy against God.  God caused a bush to burn without being
consumed--if I do the same thing, am I usurping God's role?  
  Religious people are threatened by science because it has been systematically
removing the physical "proofs" of God's existence.  As time goes on we have to
rely more and more on faith and the spiritual world to relate to God becuase
science is removing our props.  I don't think this is a bad thing.
Our shop uses a package called CADCore - very good - to scan and
subsequently vectorize original maps into digital maps. The problem is that
once the raster file is loaded into the CADCore package, a header is added
to the .HRF file which makes it unreadable by the supplied converter. We
would like to be able to ship some of the already-altered raster images for
further use on our workstations. So, here are my questions:

 (1) What is the Hitachi format? - I need this format so I can recognize
precisely what to strip out. I strongly suspect that it's a compressed
format - if so, then t might not be possible for me to strip out the
offending header.

 (2) Are there any UNIX packages that read and recognize HRF? It would be
really nice to find some sort of "hrftopbm" converter out there. ;)
I apologize if this article is slightly confusing, and late. The origonal
draft didn't make it through the moderators quote-screens. So I did
violence to it, but if you remember the article I am responding
to it should still make sence.


What, no hello for heathan netters?

I feel all left out now. :(

[deletia- table of content, intro, homosexuality]


[deletia- incorrect attributions]

Uh, you have your attributions wrong, you were responding
to my article, so Dan Johnson should be the 1st one.


[deletia- no free gifts speil nuked by moderator fiat.]


Ah, in the _cosmic_ sence.. but who lives in the cosmic sence?
Not me! Cosmicly, we don't even exist for all practical purposes.
I can hardly use the Cosmic Sence Of Stuff as a guide to life.
It would just say: "don't bother."

Luckily for mortals, there are many sences of scale you can talk
about. In a human sence, you can have big purposes.


But the influence of Aristotle, Confucious, Alexander, Ceasar and
countless others is still with us, although their works have perished.

But they have changed to course of history, and while humanity exists,
their deeds cannot be said to have come to nothing, even if they
are utterly forgotten.


One day, surely. (well, unless you believe in the Second Coming, which
I do not)

But in that time we can make a difference.


In the end. But it must be the end; until then, there is all the
point you can muster. And when that end comes, there will be nobody
to ask, "Gee, I don't think James Sledd's deeds are gonna make
much of a difference, ulitmately, ya know?".

But they will have already have made a difference, great or small,
before the end.

Why must your ends be eternal to be worthwhile?


Little is in the eye of the beholder, of course.


I don't doubt it. But I have thought about the cosmic scale. And
it does not seem to mean much to us, here, today.


I would not find this comforting. But perhaps it is merely my
definitions. Here's what I think the relevant terms are:

"Reality"	That which is real.
"Illusion"	That which is not real, but seems to be.
"Real"		Objectively Existing

For "reality" to be an "illusion" would mean, then:

That which is real is not real, but seems to be.

Or:

That which objectively exists, does not objectively exist, but
does seem to objectively exist.

From which we can conclude, that unless you want to get a
contradiction, that no things objectively exist.

But I have a problem with this because I would like to say
that *I* objectively exist, if nothing else. Cogito Ergo Sum
and all that.

Perhaps you do not mean all that, but rather mean:
"Objective Reality is Unreachable by humans."

Which is not so bad, and so far as I know is true.


Have on. If reality is an illusion, isn't True Reality an illusion
too? And if True Reality is spirit, doens't that make Spirit an Illusion
as well?

If I am not distinctly confused, this is getting positively Buddhist.


That is one hell of a statement, although perhaps true.

Do you mean to imply that it was *intended* to be so? If so,
please show that this is true. If not, please explain how this
can give a purpose to anything.


How does it do that?

Wouldn't the world=school w/ intent idea make the world a preparation for
some *greater* purpose, rather than a purpose in itself.


What pressure?


It is not necessary to be a success in human terms, unless your
goals either include doing so or require doing so before they
themselves can be achived.

Indeed, many people have set goals for themselves that
do not include success in human terms as _I_ understand it. Check
out yer Buddhist monk type guy. Out for nirvana, which is not
at all the same thing.


Why is learning to love a goal? What happens if you fail in this
goal? To you? To God? To the mysterious Purpose?


[deletia- question about immortailty and my answer deleted because it was
 mostly quote.]


I'll have a crack at that.

(1) The nature of eternal life is neatly described by its name: It is
the concept of life without death, life without end.

(2) No. We can put together word to describe it, but we cannot imagine it.

(2a) No metaphor is adequate next to eternity; if it were we could not
understand it either. (or so I suspect)
---
			- Dan Johnson
And God said "Jeeze, this is dull"... and it *WAS* dull. Genesis 0:0

If I believed in the God of the bible I would be very fearful of making
this statement. Doesn't it say those who judge will be judged by the
same measure? 


A God who must motivate through fear is not a God worthy of worship.
If the God Jesus spoke of did indeed exist he would not need hell to
convince people to worship him.


It was the myth of hell that made me finally realize that the whole thing
was untrue. If it hadn't been for hell I would still be a believer today.
The myth of hell made me realize that if there was a God that he was not
the all knowing and all good God he claimed to be. Why should I take such
a being at his word, even if there was evidence for his existance?

Sunlight shining off of the ocean.


The parable of the Prodigal Son is not about who is and who isn't an
immoral person. It is about grace and the love of God. Most people
would agree with that concerning the younger son. The elder son is
simply a negative example of the some thing. He thinks that he must
earn his father's love, that he has earned it, that he is entitled
to it. His father tells him that he is on the wrong track. He has always
been loved--for the same reason his brother has always been: he is
his father's son.

We are too performance oriented to consistently get the point. We are
willing to be saved by grace, but once we are Christians we want to
go back to earning and deserving.

"Are you so foolish? After beginning with the Spirit, are you now trying
 to attain your goal by human effort?" Gal 3:3 NIV
Hi,
	Does anyone know anything about this group and what they
do? Any info would be appreciated. Thanks!

I am looking for EISA or VESA local bus graphic cards that support at least 
1024x786x24 resolution.  I know Matrox has one, but it is very expensive.  All the
other cards I know of, that support that resoultion, are striaght ISA. 

Also are there any X servers for a unix PC that support 24 bits?
I need as much information about Cosmos 2238 and its rocket fragment (1993-
018B) as possible. Both its purpose, launch date, location, in short,
EVERYTHING! Can you help?

-Tony Ryan, "Astronomy & Space", new International magazine, available from:
              Astronomy Ireland, P.O.Box 2888, Dublin 1, Ireland.
6 issues (one year sub.): UK 10.00 pounds, US$20 surface (add US$8 airmail).
ACCESS/VISA/MASTERCARD accepted (give number, expiration date, name&address).
Hi!

I need a Windows 3.1 driver for the Matrox PG-1281 CV
SVGA card. 
At the moment Windows runs only in the 640x480 mode.
If you have a driver for this card, please send it 
with the OEMSETUP.INF to 

bockamp@Informatik.TU-Muenchen.DE

Thanks!


When the Lunar Society's $500M estimate of the cost of a lunar colony was
mentioned at Making Orbit, somebody asked Jerry Pournelle "have you talked
to Bill Gates?".  The answer:  "Yes.  He says that if he were going to
sink that much money into it, he'd want to run it -- and he doesn't have
the time."

(Somebody then asked him about Perot.  Answer:  "Having Ross Perot on your
board may be a bigger problem than not having the money.")


But then, on the other hand, if you really loved that King more
than you did yourself, and He loved you to the point of assuring
you that the eternal time spent with him would be eternal ecstasy,
would you really opt for that choice?



Does anybody have an algorithm for "flattening" out a globe, or any other
parametric surface, that is definied parametrically. 
That is, I would like to take a sheet of paper and a knife and to be
able to calculate how I must cut in the paper so I can fold it to a
globe (or any other object).


PPPPP    OOOOO  V     V  Persistance Of Vision Raytracer.
P    P  O     O V     V
P    P  O     O V     V
PPPPP   O     O V     V
P       O     O  V   V
P       O     O   V V
P        OOOOO     V

Available on archie and wuarchive in graphics type directories.

PS It's freeware.

--
Apparently, my editor didn't do what I wanted it to do, so I'll try again.

i'm looking for any programs or code to do simple animation and/or
drawing using fractals in TurboPascal for an IBM
              Thanks in advance
Archive-name: graphics/resources-list/part3
Last-modified: 1993/04/17


Computer Graphics Resource Listing : WEEKLY POSTING [ PART 3/3 ]
===================================================
Last Change : 17 April 1993


11. Scene generators/geographical data/Maps/Data files
======================================================

DEMs (Digital Elevation Models)
-------------------------------
  DEMs (Digital Elevation Models) as well as other cartographic data
  [huge] is available from spectrum.xerox.com [192.70.225.78], /pub/map.

  Contact:
  Lee Moore -- Webster Research Center, Xerox Corp. --
  Voice: +1 (716) 422 2496
  Arpa, Internet:  Moore.Wbst128@Xerox.Com
[ Check also on ncgia.ucsb.edu (128.111.254.105), /pub/dems -- nfotis ]

  Many of these files are also available on CD-ROM selled by USGS:
  "1:2,000,000 scale  Digital Line Graph (DLG) Data". Contains datas
  for all 50 states. Price is about $28, call to or visit in offices
  in Menlo Park, in Reston, Virginia (800-USA-MAPS).

  The Data User Services Division of the Bureau of the Census also has
  data on CD-ROM (TSO standard format) that is derived from USGS
  1:100,000 map data. Call (301) 763-4100 for more info or they have
  a BBS at (301) 763-1568.

[ From Dr.Dobbs #198 March 1993: ]

      "The U.S. Defense Mapping Agency, in cooperation with their counterpart
agencies in CANADA, the U.K., and Australia, have released the Digital Chart
of the World (DCW). This chart consists of over 1.5 gigabytes of reasonable
quality vector data distributed on four CD-ROMS. .... includes coastlines,
rivers, roads, railrays, airports,cities, towns, spot elevations, and depths,
and over 100,000 place names."

It is ISO9660 compatible and only $200.00 available from:

U.S. Geological Survey
P.O. Box 25286
Denver Federal Center
Denver, CO 80225

Digital Distribution Services
Energy, Mines, and Resources Canada
615 Booth Street
Ottawa, ON
K1A 0E9 Canada

Director General of Military Survey
(Survey 3)
Elmwood Avenue
Feltham, Middlesex
TW13 7AH United Kingdom

Director of Survey, Australian Army
Department of Defense
Campbell Park Offices (CP2-4-24)
Campbell ACT 2601 Australia


Fractal Landscape Generators
----------------------------

Public Domain:

  Many people have written fractal landscape generators. for example
  for the Mac some of these generators were written by
  pdbourke@ccu1.aukuni.ac.nz (Paul D. Bourke).
  Many of the programs are available from the FTP sites and mail
  archive servers. Check with Archie.

Commercial:

  Vista Pro 3.0 for the Amiga from Virtual Reality Labs -- list price
  is about $100. Their address is:
	VRL
	2341 Ganador court
	San Luis Obispo,
	CA 93401
	Telephone or FAX (805) 545-8515

  Scenery Animator (also for the Amiga) is of the same caliber with Vista Pro 2.
  Check with:
	Natural Graphics
	P.O. Box 1963
	Raklin, CA 95677
	Phone (916) 624-1436

  Don't forget to ask about companion programs and data disks/tapes.

  Vista Pro 3 has been ported to the PCs.


CIA World Map II
----------------
[  NOTE: this database is quite out of date, and not topologically structured.
  If you need a standard for world cartographic data, wait for the
  Digital Chart of the World. This 1:1M database has been produced from
  the Defense Mapping Agency's ONCs and will be available, together with
  searching and viewing software, on a number of CD-ROMs later this summer. ]

  Check into HANAUMA.STANFORD.EDU and UCSD.EDU (see ftp list above)
  The CIA database consists of coastlines, rivers and political boundaries
  in the form of line strokes. Also on hanauma.stanford.edu is a 720x360
  array of elevation data, containing one ieee floating point number for
  every half degree longitude and latitude.
 
  A program for decoding the database, mfil, can be found on the machine
  pi1.arc.umn.edu (137.66.130.11).
  There's another program, which reads a compressed CIA Data Bank file and
  builds a PHIGS hierachical structure. It uses a PHIGS extension known as
  polyline sets for performance, but you can use regular polylines. Ask
  Joe Stewart <joes@lpi.liant.com>.
  The raw data at Stanford require the vplot package to be able to view it.
  (was posted in comp.sources.unix). To be more exact, you'll have to
  compile just the libvplot routines, not the whole package.

NCAR data
---------
  NCAR (National Center for Atmospheric Research) has many types of
  terrain  data, ranging from elevation datasets at
  various resolutions, to information about soil types, vegetation, etc.
  This data is not free -- they charge from $40 to $90 or more, depending
  on the data volume and media (exabyte tape, 3480 cartridge, 9-track tape,
  IBM PC floppy, and FTP transfer are all available).  Their data archive
  is mostly research oriented, not hobbyist oriented.  For more information,
  email to ilana@ncar.ucar.edu.

UNC data tapes with voxel data
--------------
  There are 2 "public domain" tapes with data for the comparison and
  testing of various volume rendering algorithms (mainly MRI and CT
  scans). These tapes are distributed by the SoftLab of UNC @ Chapel Hill.
  (softlab@cs.unc.edu)

  The data sets (volume I and II) are also available via anonymous FTP from
  omicron.cs.unc.edu [128.109.136.159] in pub/softlab/CHVRTD

NASA
----
  Many US agencies such as NASA publish CD-ROMs with many altimetry data
  from various space missions, eg. Viking for Mars, Magellan for Venus,
  etc. Especially for NASA, I would suggest to call the following
  address for more info:

     National Space Science Date Center
     Goddard Space Flight Center
     Greenbelt, Maryland 20771
     Telephone: (301) 286-6695
     Email address:  request@nssdca.gsfc.nasa.gov

  The data catalog (*not* the data itself) is available online.
  Internet users can telnet to nssdca.gsfc.nasa.gov (128.183.10.4) and log
  in as 'NODIS' (no password).

  You can also dial in at (301)-286-9000 (300, 1200, or 2400 baud, 8 bits,
  no parity, one stop). At the "Enter Number:" prompt, enter MD and
  carriage return. When the system responds "Call Complete," enter a few
  more carriage returns to get the "Username:" and log in as 'NODIS' (no
  password).

  NSSDCA is also an anonymous FTP site, but no comprehensive list of
  what's there is available at present.

Earth Sciences Data
-------------------

  There's a listing of anonymous FTP sites for earth science data, including
  imagery. This listing is called "Earth Sciences Resources on Internet",
  and you can get it via anonymous FTP from csn.org [128.138.213.21]
  in the directory COGS under the name "internet.resources.earth.sci"

  Some sites include:
  aurelie.soest.hawaii.edu [128.171.151.121]: pub/avhrr/images - AVHRR images
  ames.arc.nasa.gov [128.102.18.3]: pub/SPACE/CDROM  - images from
        Magellan and Viking missions etc.
        pub/SPACE/Index contains a listing of files available in the whole
        archive (the index is about 200K by itself). There's also an
        e-mail server for the people without Internet access: send a letter
        to archive-server@ames.arc.nasa.gov (or ames!archive-server). In the
        subject of your letter (or in the body), use commands like:

        send SPACE Index
        send SPACE SHUTTLE/ss01.23.91

        (Capitalization is important! Only text files are handled by the
        email server at present)

  vab02.larc.nasa.gov [128.155.23.47]: pub/gifs/misc/landsat -
	Landsat photos in GIF and JPEG format
[ It was shut down - nfotis; anyone has a copy of this archive?? ]

Others
------
  Daily values of river discharge, streamflow, and daily weather data is
  available from EarthInfo, 5541 Central Ave., Boulder CO  80301.  These
  disks are expensive, around $500, but there are quantity discounts.
  (303) 938-1788.

  Check vmd.cso.uiuc.edu [128.174.5.98], the wx directory carries
  data regarding surface analysis, weather radar, and sat view pics in
  GIF format (updated hourly)

  pioneer.unm.edu [129.24.9.217] is the Space and Planetary Image Facility
  (located on the University of New Mexico campus) FTP server. It provides
  Anonymous FTP access to >150 CD-ROMS  with data/images.

  A disk with earthquake data, topography, gravity, geopolitical info
  is available from NGDC (National Geophysical Data Center), 325 Broadway,
  Boulder, CO  80303.  (303) 497-6958.

  EOSAT (at least in the US) now sells Landsat MSS data older than two years
  old for $200 per scene, and they have been talking about a similar deal
  for Landsat TM data. The MSS data are 4 bands, 80 meter resolution.

  Check out anonymous FTP to ftp.ncsa.uiuc.edu in
  UNIX/PolyView/alpha-shape for a tool that creates convex hulls
  alpha-shapes (a generalization of the convex hull) from 3D point sets.

  The GRIPS II (Gov. Raster Image Processing Software) CD-ROM
  is available from CD-ROM Inc. at 1-800-821-5245 for $49.
  Code for viewing ADRG (Arc Digitised Raster Graphics) files is
  available on the GRIPS II CD-ROM. The U.S. Army Engineer 
  Topographic Labs (Juan Perez) code is also available via FTP
  ( adrg.zip archive in  spectrum.xerox.com )

NRCC range data
---------------
  Rioux M., Cournoyer L. "The NRCC Three-Dimensional Image Data Files",
  Tech. Report, CNRC 29077, National Research Council Canada,
  Ottawa, Canada, 1988
  [ From what I understand, these data are from a laser range finder,
   and you can a copy for research purposes ]

==========================================================================

12. 3D scanners - Digitized 3D Data
===================================

a. Cyberware Labs, Monterey, CA, manufactures a 3D color laser digitizer
  which can be used to model parts of, or a complete, human body.
  They run a service bureau also, so they can digitize models for you.

  Address:
    Cyberware Labs, Inc
    8 Harris Ct, Suite 3D
    Monterey, CA 93940
  Phone: (408)373-1441, Fax: (408)373-3582

b. Polhemus makes a 6D input device (actually a couple of models)
  that senses position (3D) and *orientation* (+3D) based on electromagnetic
  field interference.  This equipment is also incorporated in the
  VPL Dataglove.
  This hardware is also called ISOTRACK, from Keiser Aerospace.

Ascension Technology makes a similar 3D input device.
There is a company, Applied Sciences(?), that makes a 3D input
device (position only) based on speed of sound triangulation.

c. A company that specializes in digitizing is Viewpoint. You can ask
   for Viewpoint's _free_ 100 page catalog full of ready to 
   ship datasets from categories such as cars, anatomy, aircraft,sports,
   boats, trains, animals and others. Though these objects are
   quite expensive, the cataloge is nevertheless of interest for it
   has pictures of all the available objects in wireframe , polygon mesh.

  Contact:

  Viewpoint,
  870 West Center,
  Orem, Utah 84057
  ph# 801-224-2222
  fax# 801-224-2272
  1-800-DATASET

------

  Some addresses for companies that make digitizers:

  Ascension Technology
  Bird, Flock of Birds, Big Bird: 6d trackers
  P.O. Box 527,
  Burlington, VT 05402
  Phone: (802) 655-7879, Fax: (802) 655-5904

  Polhemus Incorporated
  Digitizer: 6d trackers
  P.O. Box 560, Hercules Dr.
  Colchester, Vt. 05446
  Tel: (802) 655-3159

  Logitech Inc.
  Red Baron, ultrasonic 6D mouse
  6506 Kaiser Dr.
  Freemont, CA 94555
  Tel: (415) 795-8500w

  Shooting Star Technology
  Mechanical Headtracker
  1921 Holdom Ave.
  Burnaby, B.C. Canada V5B 3W4
  Tel: (604) 298-8574
  Fax: (604) 298-8580

  Spaceball Technologies, Inc.
  Spaceball: 6d stationary input device
  600 Suffolk Street
  Lowell, MA, 01854
  Tel: (508) 970-0330 
  Fax: (508) 970-0199
  Tel in Mountain View: (415) 966-8123 

  Transfinite Systems 
  Gold Brick: PowerGlove for Macintosh
  P.O. Box N
  MIT Branch Post Office
  Cambridge, MA 02139-0903
  Tel: (617) 969-9570
  email: D2002@AppleLink.Apple.com

  VPL Research, Inc.
  EyePhone: head-mounted display
  DataGlove: glove/hand input device
  VPL Research Inc.
  950 Tower Lane
  14th Floor
  Foster City, CA 94404
  Tel: (415) 312-0200
  Fax: (415) 312-9356

  SimGraphics Engineering
  Flying Mouse: 6d input device
  1137 Huntington Rd. Suite A-1
  South Pasadena, CA 91030-4563
  (213) 255-0900

========================================================================

13. Background imagery/textures/datafiles
=========================================

 First, check in the FTP places that are mentioned in the FAQ or in the FTP
list above.

24-bit scanning:
----------------
  Get a good 24-bit scanner, like Epson's. Suggested is an SCSI port for
  speed. Eric Haines had a suggestion in RT News, Volume 4, #3 :
  scan textures for wallpapers and floor coverings, etc. from doll
  house supplies.
  So you have a rather cheap way to scan patterns that don't have
  scaling troubles associated with real materials and scanning area.

Books with textures:
--------------------
  Find some houses/books/magazines that carry photographic material.
  Educorp, 1-619-536-9999, sells CD-ROMS with various imagery - also
  a wide variety of stock art is available.
  Stock art from big-name stock art houses, such as Comstock,
  UNIPHOTO, and Metro Image Base, is available.

  In Italy, there's a company called Belvedere that makes such books
  for the purpose of clipping their pages for inclusion in your
  graphics work. Their address is:
	Edition Belvedere Co. Ltd.,
	00196 Rome Italy,
	Piazzale Flaminio, 19
	Tel. (06) 360-44-88, Fax (06)  360-29-60

Texture Libraries:
------------------
a. Mannikin Sceptre Graphics announced TexTiles, a set of 256x256 24-bit
   textures. Initial shipments in 24-bit IFF (for Amigas), soon in 24-bit
   TIFF format. Algorithmically built for tiled surfaces. SRP is $40 / volume
   (each volume = 40 images @ 10 disks). Demo disks for $5 are available.

   Contact:
   Mannikin Sceptre Graphics
   1600 Indiana Ave.
   Winter Park, FL 32789
   Phone: (407) 384-9484
   FAX: (407) 647-7242

b. ESSENCE is a library of 65 (sixty-five) new algoritmic textures for Imagine
   by Impulse, Inc. These textures are FULLY compatible with the floating point
   versions of Imagine 2.0, Imagine 1.1, and even Turbo Silver.
   Written by Steve Worley.

   For more info contact:
   Essence Info
   Apex Software Publishing
   405 El Camino Real Suite 121
   Menlo Park CA 94025 USA

[ What about Texture City ?? ]

==========================================================================

14. Introduction to rendering algorithms
========================================

a. Ray-Tracing:
---------------

  I assume you have a general understanding of Computer Graphics. No? Then read
  some of the books that the FAQ contains. For Ray-Tracing, I would
  suggest:
   An Introduction to Ray Tracing, Andrew Glassner (ed.), Academic Press
     1989, ISBN 0-12-286160-4
  Note that I have not read the book, but I feel that you can't be wrong
  using his book. An errata list was posted in comp.graphics by Eric Haines
  (erich@eye.com)

There's a more concise reference also:

  Roman Kuchkuda , UNC @ Chapel Hill: "An Introduction to Ray Tracing", in
  "Theoretical Foundations for Computer Graphics and CAD", ed. R.A.E.Earnshaw,
  NATO AS, Vol. F-40., pp. 1039-1060. Printed by Springer-Verlag, 1988.

It contains code for a small, but fundamentally complete ray-tracer.

b. Z-buffer (depth-buffer)
--------------------------

A good reference is:

        _Procedural Elements for Computer Graphics_, David F. Rogers,
        McGraw-Hill, New York, 1985, pages 265-272 and 280-284.

c. Others:
----------
???
[ More info is needed -- nfotis ]

========================================================================

15. Where can I find the geometric data for the:
================================================

a. Teapot ?
-----------

"Displays on Display" column of IEEE CG&A Jan '87 has the whole
story about origin of the Martin Newell's teapot. The article also has
the bezier patch model and a Pascal program to display the wireframe
model of the teapot.

IEEE CG&A Sep '87 in Jim Blinn's column "Jim Blinn's Corner" describes
an another way to model the teapot; Bezier curves with rotations for
example are used.

The OFF and SPD packages have these objects, so you're advised to get
them to avoid typing the data yourself.  The OFF data is triangles at
a specific resolution (around 8x8[x4 triangles] meshing per patch).
The SPD package provides the spline patch descriptions and performs a
tessellation at any specified resolution.

b. Space Shuttle ?
------------------

Tolis Lerios <tolis@nova.stanford.edu> has built a list of Space Shuttle
datafiles. Here's a summary (From his sci.space list):

model1:
A modified version of the newsgroup model (model2)

406 vertices (296 useful, i.e. referred to in the polygon descriptions.)
389 polygons (233 3-vertex, 146 4-vertex, 7 5-vertex, 3 6-vertex).
Payload doors non-existent.
Units: unknown.

Simon Marshall (S.Marshall@sequent.cc.hull.ac.uk) has a copy. He
said there is no proprietary information associated with it.

model2:
The newsgroup model, in OFF format. You can find it in

gondwana.ecr.mu.oz.au , file pub/off/objects/shuttle.geo
hanauma.stanford.edu ,  /pub/graphics/Comp.graphics/objects/shuttle.data

model3:
The triangles' model.

This model is stored in several files, each defining portions of the model.

Greg Henderson (henders@infonode.ingr.com) has a copy.  He did
not mention any restriction on the model's distribution.

model4:
The NASA model.

The file starts off with a header line containing three real numbers,
defining the offsets used by Lockheed in their simulations:

<x offset> <y offset> <z offset>

From then on, the file consists of a sequence of polygon descriptions

3473 vertices.
2748 polygons (407 3-vertex, 2268 4-vertex, 33 5-vertex, 14 6-vertex,
 10 7-vertex, 8 8-vertex, 8 12-vertex, 2 13-vertex, 2 15-vertex,
 17 16-vertex, 2 17-vertex, 2 18-vertex, 3 19-vertex, 8 24-vertex).
Payload doors closed.
Units: inches.

Jon Berndt (jon@l14h11.jsc.nasa.gov) seems to be responsible for the model
Proprietary info: unknown

model5:
The old shuttle model.

The file consists of a sequence of polygon descriptions.

104 vertices.
452 polygons (11 3-vertex, 41 4-vertex).
Payload doors open.
Units: meters.

We have been using this model at STAR Labs, Stanford University, for
some years now. Contact me (tolis@nova.stanford.edu) or my supervisor
Scott Williams (scott@star5.stanford.edu) if you want a copy.

========================================================================

16. Image annotation software
=============================

a. Touchup runs in Sunview and is pretty good.  It reads in
  rasterfiles, but even if your image isn't normally stored
  in rasterfile format you could use screendump to make it a
  rasterfile.

b. Idraw (part of Stanford's InterViews distribution) can handle some
  image formats in addition to being a MacDraw like tool.  I'm not
  sure exactly what they are.
  You can ftp the idraw's binary from interviews.stanford.edu.

c. Tgif is another MacDraw like tool that can handle X11 bitmap (xbm)
  and X11 pixmap (xpm) formats.  If the image you have is in formats
  other than xbm or xpm, you can get the pbmplus toolkit to convert
  things like gif or even some Macintosh formats to xpm.
  Tgif's sources are available in the pub directory on cs.ucla.edu
  (Version 2.12 of tgif at patchlevel 7 plus patch8 and patch9)

d. Use the editimage facility of KHOROS (see below).
  This is just one utility in the overall system- you can essentially do all
  your image processing and macdraw-type graphics using this package.

e. You might be able to get by with PBMPlus.  pbmtext gives you text output
  bitmaps which can be overlaid on top of your image.

f. 'ice' requires Sun hardware running OpenWindows 3.It's a PostScript-based
  graphical editor,and it's available for anonymous ftp from Internet host
  eo.soest.hawaii.edu (128.171.151.12). Requires Sun C++ 2.0 and
  two other locally developed packages, the LXT library (an Xlib-based
  toolkit) and a small C++ class library. All files (pub/ice.tar.Z,
  pub/lxt.tar.Z and pub/ldgoc++.tar.Z) are available in compressed
  tar format. pub/ice.tar.Z contains a README that gives installation
  instructions, as well as an extensive man page (ice.1).
  A statically-linked compressed executable pub/ice-sun4.Z for
  SPARC systems is also available for ftp.

  All software is the property of Columbia University and may not
  be redistributed without permission.

  ice means Image Composition Environment and it's an imaging tool that
  allows raster images to be combined with a wide variety of
  PostScript annotations in WYSIWYG fashion via X11 imaging
  routines and NeWS PostScript rasterizing.

g. Use ImageMagick to annotate an image from your X server.  Pick the 
  position of your text with the cursor and choose your font and pen 
  color from a pull-down menu.  ImageMagick can read and write many
  of the more popular image formats.  ImageMagick is available as
  export.lcs.mit.edu: contrib/ImageMagick.tar.Z or at your nearest
  X11 archive.

========================================================================

17. Scientific visualization stuff
==================================

X Data Slice (xds)
-------------------
  Bundled with the X11 distribution from MIT,
  in the contrib directory. Available at ftp.ncsa.uiuc.edu [141.142.20.50]
  (either as a source or binaries for various platforms).

National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) Tool Suite
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Platforms: Unix Workstations (DEC, IBM, SGI, Sun)
           Apple MacIntosh
           Cray supercomputers

Availability: Now available.  Source code in the public domain.
              FTP from ftp.ncsa.uiuc.edu.

Contact: National Center for Supercomputing Applications
         Computing Applications Building
         605 E. Springfield Ave.
         Champaign, IL 61820

Cost: Free (zero dollars).

The suite includes tools for 2D image and 3D scene analysis and visualization.
The code is actively maintained and updated.

Spyglass
--------
  They sell commercial versions of the NCSA tools. Examples are:

	Spyglass Dicer (3D volumetric data analysis package)
		Platform: Mac

	Spyglass Transform (2D data analysis package)
		Platforms: Mac, SGI, Sun, DEC, HP, IBM

  Contact:
  Spyglass, Inc.
  P.O. Box 6388
  Champaign, IL  61826
  (217) 355-6000

KHOROS 1.0 Patch 5
------------------
  Available via anonymous ftp at pprg.eece.unm.edu (129.24.24.10).
  cd to /pub/khoros to see what is available. It is HUGE (> 100 MB), but good.
  Needs Unix and X11R4. Freely copied (NOT PD), complete with sources
  and docs. Very extensive and at its heart is visual programming.
  Khoros components include a visual programming language, code
  generators for extending the visual language and adding new application
  packages to the system, an interactive user interface editor, an
  interactive image display package, an extensive library of image and
  signal processing routines, and 2D/3D plotting packages.

  See comp.soft-sys.khoros on Usenet and the relative FAQ for more info....

  Contact:

  The Khoros Group
  Room 110 EECE Dept.
  University of New Mexico
  Albuquerque, NM 87131

  Email: khoros-request@chama.eece.unm.edu


MacPhase
--------
  Analysis & Visualization Application for the Macintosh.
  Operates on 1D and 2D data arrays. Import/Export several different file
  formats.  Several different plotting options such as gray scale,
  color raster, 3D Wire frame, 3D surface, contour, vector, line, and
  combinations.  FFTs, filtering, and other math functions, color look up
  editor, array calculator, etc. Shareware, available via anonymous ftp from
  sumex-aim.stanford.edu in the info-mac/app directory.
  For other information contact Doug Norton (e-mail: 74017.461@@compuserve.com)


IRIS Explorer
-------------
  It's an application creation system developed by Silicon
  Graphics that provides visualisation and analysis functionality for
  computational scientists, engineers and other scientists. The Explorer
  GUI allows users to build custom applications without having to write
  any, or a minimal amount of, traditonal code. Also, existing code can
  be easily integrated into the Explorer environment. Explorer currently
  is available now on SGI and Cray machines, but will become available on
  other platforms in time. [ Bundled with every new SGI machine, as far as
  I know]

  See comp.graphics.explorer or comp.sys.sgi for discussion of the package.

  There are also two FTP servers for related stuff, modules etc.:

  ftp.epcc.ed.ac.uk [129.215.56.29]
  swedishchef.lerc.nasa.gov [139.88.54.33] - mirror of the UK site

apE
---
  Back in the 'old good days', you could get apE for nearly free.
  Now has gone commercial and the following vendor supplies it:

  TaraVisual Corporation
  929 Harrison Avenue
  Columbus, Ohio 43215
  Tel: 1-800-458-8731 and (614) 291-2912
  Fax: (614) 291-2867

        Cost:
  $895 (plus tax); runtime version with a site-license for a single user
  (at a time), no limit on the number of machines in a cluster.
  $895 includes support/maintenance and upgrades.
  Source code more.  Additional user licenses $360.

  The name of the package has become apE III (TM).
  Khoros is very similar to apE on philosophy, as are AVS and Explorer.

AVS
---
See also:
        comp.graphics.avs

Platforms: CONVEX, CRAY, DEC, Evans & Sutherland, HP, IBM, Kubota,
Set Technologies, SGI, Stardent, SUN, Wavetracer
Availability: AVS4 available on all the above:
  For all UNIX workstations.

Contact:
  Advanced Visual Systems Inc.
  300 Fifth Ave.
  Waltham, MA    02154

  (617)-890-4300   Telephone
  (617)-890-8287   Fax
  avs@avs.com      Email

  Advanced Visual Systems Inc. for: CRAY, HP, IBM, SGI, Stardent, SUN
  CONVEX for CONVEX
  Advanced Visual Systems Inc. or CRAY for CRAY
  DEC for DEC
  Evans & Sutherland for Evans & Sutherland
  Advanced Visual Systems Inc. or IBM for IBM
  Kubota Pacific Inc. for Kubota
  Set Technologies for Set Technologies
  Wavetracer for Wavetracer

  FTP Site: for modules, data sets, other info:
	avs.ncsc.org (128.109.178.23)

WIT
---
  In a nutshell it's a package of the same genre as AVS,Explorer,etc.
  It seems more a image processing system than a generic SciVi system (IMHO)
  Major elements are:

  - a visual programming language, which automatically exploits the inherent
        parallelism
  - a code generator which converts the graph to a standalone program

  Iconified libraries present a rich set of point, filter, io, transform,
  morphological, segmentation, and measurement operations.
  A flow library allows graphs to employ broadcast, merge,
  synchronization, conditional, and sequencing control strategies.

  WIT delivers an object-oriented, distributed, visual programming
  environment which allows users to rapidly design solutions to their
  imaging problems. Users can consolidate both software and hardware
  developments within a complete CAD-like workspace by adding their
  own operators (C functions), objects (data structures), and servers
  (specialized hardware). WIT runs on Sun, HP9000/7xx, SGI and supports
  Datacube MV-20/200 hardware allowing you to run your graphs in real-time.

  For a free WIT demo disk, call, FAX, or e-mail (poon@ee.ubc.ca)
  us stating your complete name, address, voice, FAX, e-mail info.
  and desired platform.

  Pricing: WIT for Sparc, one yr. free upgrades, 30 days
  technical support....................$5000 US

  Academic institutions: discounts available


  Contact:
  Logical Vision Ltd.
  Suite 108-3700 Gilmore Way
  Burnaby, B.C., CANADA
  V5G 4M1
  Tel: 604-435-2587
  Fax: 604-435-8840

  Terry Arden <poon@ee.ubc.ca>

VIS-5D
------
  A system for visually exploring the output of 5-D gridded data sets
  such as those made by weather models. Platforms:

    SGI IRIS with VGX, GTX, TG, or G graphics,
    SGI Crimson or Indigo (R4000, Elan graphics suggested), IRIX 4.0.x
    IBM RS/6000 with GL graphics, AIX version 3 or later;
    Stardent GS-1000 and GS-2000 (with TrueColor display)

  In any case, 32 (or more) MB of RAM are suggested.

  You can get it freely (thanks to NASA support) via anonymous ftp:

 ftp iris.ssec.wisc.edu  (or ftp 144.92.108.63), then

  ftp> cd pub/vis5d
  ftp> ascii
  ftp> get README
  ftp> bye

 NOTE: You can find the package also on wuarchive.wustl.edu in the
 graphics/graphics/packages directory.

  Read section 2 of the README file for full instructions
  on how to get and install VIS-5D.

  Contact:
  Bill Hibbard (whibbard@vms.macc.wisc.edu)
  Brian Paul (bpaul@vms.macc.wisc.edu)

DATAexplorer (IBM)
------------------
  Platforms : IBM Risc System 6000, IBM POWER Visualization Server
        (SIMD mesh 32 i860s, 40 MHz)

  Working on (announced) : SGI, HP, Sun

  Contact:
  Your local IBM Rep.  For a trial package ask your rep to contact :

  David Kilgore
  Data Explorer Product Marketing
  YKTVMH(KILCORE), (708) 981-4510

Wavefront
---------
  Data Visualizer, Personal Visualizer, Advanced Visualizer.
  Platforms: SGI, SUN, IBM RS6000, HP, DEC

  Availability:
    Available on all the above platforms from Wavefront
    Technologies.  Educational programs and site licenses are
    available.

  Contacts:
    Mike Wilson (mike@wti.com)

    Wavefront Technologies, Inc.
    530 East Montecito Street
    Santa Barbara, CA 93103
    805-962-8117
    FAX: 805-963-0410

    Wavefront Europe
    Guldenspoorstraat 21-23
    B-9000 Gent, Belgium
    32-91-25-45-55
    FAX: 32-91-23-44-56

    Wavefront Technologies Japan
    17F Shinjuku-sumitomo Bldg
    2-6-1  Nishi-shinjuku, Shunjuku-Ku
    Tokyo 168 Japan
    81-3-3342-7330
   FAX 81-3-3342-7353


PLOT3D and FAST from NASA Ames
------------------------------
  These packages are distributed from COSMIC at least
  (for FAST ask Pat Elson <pelson@nas.nasa.gov> for
  distribution information). In general, these codes are for US
  citizens only :-(

XGRAPH
------
  On the contrib tape of X11R5. Its specialty is display of up
  to 64 data sets (2D).

NCAR
----
  National Center for Atmospheric Research. One of the original graphics
  packages. Runs on Sun, RS6000, SGI, VAX, Cray Y-MP, DecStations, and more.

  Contact:
	Graphics Information
	NCAR Scientific Computing Division
	P.O. Box 3000
	Boulder, CO   80307-3000
	(303)-497-1201
	scdinfo@ncar.ucar.edu

  Cost:
	.edu
	$750 Unlimited users

	.gov
	$750 1 user
	$1500 5 users
	$3000 25 users

	.com users multiply .gov * 2.0

IDL
---
  An environment for scientific computing and visualization.
  Based on an array oriented language, IDL includes 2D and 3D
  graphics, matrix manupulation, signal and image processing,
  basic statistics, gridding, mapping, and a widget based system
  for building GUI for IDL applications (Open Look, Motif, or
  MS-Windows).

  Environments:  DEC (VMS and Ultrix), HP, IBM RS6000, SGI, Sun,
          Microsoft Windows.  (Mac version in progress)
  Cost:  $1500 to $3750, Educational and quantity discounts
          available.
  See also:   comp.lang.idl-pvwave (the IDL-PVWAVE bundle)
  Contact:    Research Systems Inc.
              777 29th Street, Suite 302
              Boulder, CO  80303
              Phone:  303-786-9900
              FAX:    303-786-9909
              E-mail: info@rsinc.com
  Demo available via FTP.  Call or E-mail for details.

IDL/SIPS
--------
  "A lot of people are using IDL with a package called SIPS. This was
  developed at the University of Colorado (Boulder) by some people working
  for Alex Goetz.  You might try contacting them if you already have IDL
  or would be willing to buy it.  It's a few thousand dollars (American) I
  expect for IDL and the other should be free.  Those are the general
  purpose packages I've heard of, besides what TerraMar has.
  SIPS _was_ written for AVIRIS imagery.  I'm not sure how general purpose
  it is.  You would have to contact Goetz or one of his people and ask.  I
  have another piece of software (PCW) that does PC and Walsh
  transformations with pseudocoloring and clustering and limited image
  modification (you can compute an image using selected components).  I've
  used it on 70 megabyte AVIRIS images without problems, but for the best
  speed you need an external DSP card.  It will work without it, but large
  images take quite a while (50-70 times as long) to process.  That's a
  freebie if you want it"

  "My  favorite is IDL (Interactive Data Language) from Research Systems,
  Inc.  IDL is in my opinion, much better and infinitely easier. Its
  programming language is very strong and easy -- very Pascal-like. It
  handles the number-crunching very well, also. Personally, I like doing
  the number-crunching with IDL on the VAX (or Mathematica, Igor, or even
  Excel on the Mac if it's not too hairy), then bringing it over to NIH
  Image for the imaging part. I have yet to encounter any situation which
  that combination couldn't handle, and the speed and ease of use
  (compared to IRAF) was incredible. By the way, it's mostly astronomical
  image processing which I've been doing. This means image enhancement,
  cleaning up bad lines/pixels, and some other traditional image
  processing routines. Then, for example, taking a graph of intensity
  versus position along a line I choose with the mouse, then doing a curve
  fit to that line (which I might do like in KaleidaGraph.) "

[ For IDL call Research Systems , for PV-WAVE call Precision Visuals and
 for SIPS call University of Colorado @ Boulder . From what I can
 understand, you can get packaged programs from Research Systems, though
 -- nfotis ]

Visual3
-------
  contact Robert Haimes, MIT

FieldView
---------
 An interactive program designed to assist an engineer in
 investigating fluid dynamics data sets.          

 Platforms:  SGI, IBM, HP, SUN, X-terminals

 Availability:  Currently available on all of the above
       platforms.  Educational programs and volume 
       discounts are available.

 Contact:

 Intelligent Light 
 P.O. Box 65
 Fair Lawn, NJ 07410
 (201)794-7550
        
 Steve Kramer (kramer@ilight.com)


SciAn
------
  SciAn is primarily intended to do 3-D visualizations of data in an 
  interactive environment with the ability to generate animations using
  frame-accurate video recording devices.  A user manual, on-line help, and
  technical notes will help you use the program.

  Cost : 0 (Free), source code provided via ftp.
  Platforms : SGI 4D machines and IBM RS/6000 with the GL card + Z-buffer

  Where to find it:
  ftp.scri.fsu.edu [144.174.128.34] : /pub/SciAn
	A mirror is monu1.cc.monash.edu.au [130.194.1.101] : /pub/SciAn

SCRY
----
[ From the README : ]

      Scry is a distributed image handling system  that  pro-
 vides image transport and compression on local and wide area
 networks, image viewing on workstations, recording on  video
 equipment,  and  storage on disk.  The system can be distri-
 buted among workstations, between supercomputers and  works-
 tations,  and between supercomputers, workstations and video
 animation controllers.  The system is most commonly used  to
 produce  video based movie displays of images resulting from
 visualization of time dependent data, complex 3D data  sets,
 and  image  processing  operations.   Both  the  clients and
 servers run on a variety of systems that provide UNIX-like C
 run-time environments, and 4BSD sockets.
 
 The source is available for anonymous ftp:
 
 csam.lbl.gov [128.3.254.6] : pub/scry.tar.Z
 
 Contact:
 
 Bill Johnston, (wejohnston@lbl.gov, ...ucbvax!csam.lbl.gov!johnston)

       or

 David Robertson (dwrobertson@lbl.gov, ...ucbvax!csam.lbl.gov!davidr)
 
 Imaging Technologies Group
 MS 50B/2239
 Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory
 1 Cyclotron Road
 Berkeley, CA  94720


SVLIB / FVS
-----------
  SVLIB is an X-Windows widget set based on the OSF (Open Software 
  Foundation) Motif widget set. SVLIB widgets are macro-widgets 
  comprising lower level Motif widgets such as buttons, scrollbars, 
  menus, and drawing areas. It is designed to address the reusability 
  of 2D visualization routines and each widget in the library is an 
  encapsulation of a specific visualization technique such as colormap 
  manipulation, image display, and contour plotting. It is targetted
  to run on UNIX workstations supporting OSF/Motif. Currently, only 
  color monitors are supported. Since SVLIB is a collection of widgets 
  developed in the same spirit as the OSF/Motif user interface widget 
  set, it integrates seamlessly with the Motif widgets. Programmers 
  using SVLIB widgets see the same interface and design as other 
  Motif widgets.

  FVS is a visualization software for Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) 
  simulations.  FVS is designed to accept data generated from these
  simulations and apply various visualization techniques to present these
  data graphically. 
  FVS accepts three-dimensional multi-block data recorded in NCSA HDF format.

 iti.gov.sg [192.122.132.130] : /pub/svlib (Scientific Visualization)
      /pu/fvs; These directories contain demo binaries for Sun4/SGI

  Cost : US$200 for academic and US$300 for non-academic institutions.
  (For each of the above items). You're getting the source for the licence.

  Contact
  -------
  Miss Quek Lee Hian
  Member of Technical Staff
  Information Technology Institute
  National Computer Board
  NCB Building
  71, Sicence Park Drive
  Singapore 0511
  Republic of Singapore
  Tel : (65)7720435
  Fax : (65)7795966
  Email : leehian@iti.gov.sg


---------------------------------------------------------
GVLware Distribution:
        Bob  - An interactive volume renderer for the SGI
        Raz  - A disk based movie player for the SGI
        Icol - Motif color editor
---------------------------------------------------------

The Army High Performance Computing Research Center (AHPCRC) has been
developing a set of tools to work with large time dependent 2D and 3D
data sets.  In the Graphics and Visualization Lab (GVL) we are using
these tools along side standard packages, such as SGI Explorer and the
Utah Raster Toolkit, to render 3D volumes and create digital movies.
A couple of the more general purpose programs have been bundled into a
package called "GVLware".

GVLware, currently consisting of Bob, Raz and Icol, is now available
via ftp.  The most interesting program is probably Bob, an interactive
volume renderer for the SGI.  Raz streams raster images from disk to
an SGI screen, enabling movies larger than memory to be played.  Icol
is a color map editor that works with Bob and Raz.  Source and
pre-built binaries for IRIX 4.0.5 are included.

To acquire GVLware, anonymous ftp to:
        machine - ftp.arc.umn.edu
        file    - /pub/gvl.tar.Z

To use GVLware:
        mkdir gvl ; cd gvl
        zcat gvl.tar.Z | tar xvf -
        more README

Some Bob features:
        Motif interface, SGI GL rendering
        Renders 64 cubed data set in 0.1 to 1.0 seconds on a VGX
        Alpha Compositing and Maximum Value rendering, in perspective
            (only Maximum Value rendering on Personal Iris)
        Data must be a "Brick of Bytes", on a regularly spaced grid
        Animation, subvolumes, subsampling, stereo

Some Raz features:
        Motif interface, SGI GL rendering
        Loads files to a raw disk partition, then streams to screen
            (requires an empty disk partition to be set aside)
        Script interface available for movie sequences
        Can stream from memory, like NCSA XImage
        
Some Icol features:
        Motif interface
        Easy to create interpolated color maps between key points
        RGB, HSV and YUV color spaces, multiple file formats
        Communicates changes automatically to Bob and Raz
        Has been tested on SGI, Sun, DEC and Cray systems

BTW:    Bob  == Brick of Bytes
        Icol == Interpolated Color
        Raz  == ? (just a name)

Please send any comments to
        gvlware@ahpcrc.umn.edu

This software collection is supported by the Army Research Office
contract number DAALO3-89-C-0038 with the University of Minnesota Army
High Performance Computing Research Center.


IAP
---
  Imaging Applications Platform is a commercial package for medical and
  scientific visualization. It does volume rendering, binary surface
  rendering, multiplanar reformating, image manipulation, cine sequencing,
  intermixes geometry and text with images and provides measurement and
  coordinate transform abilities.

  It can provide hardcopy on most medical film printers, image database
  functionality and interconnection to most medical (CT/MRI/etc) scanners.

  It is client/server based and provides an object oriented interface. It
  runs on most high performance workstations and takes full advantage of
  parallelism where it is available. It is robust, efficient and
  will be submitted for FDA approval for use in medical applications.

  Cost: $20K for OEM developer, $10K for educational developer
  and run times starting at $8900 and going down based on quantity.

  The developer packages include two days training for two people in Toronto.

  Available from:

  ISG Technologies
  6509 Airport Road
  Mississauga, Ontario,
  Canada, L4V-1S7

  (416) 672-2100
  e-mail: Rod Gilchrist <rod@isgtec.com>

========================================================================

18. Molecular visualization stuff
=================================

[ Based on a list from cristy@dupont.com < Cristy > , which asked for
 systems for displaying Molecular Dynamics, MD for short ]

Flex
----
  It is a public domain package written by Michael Pique, at The Scripps
  Research Institute, La Jolla, CA. Flex is stored as a compressed,
  tar'ed archive (about 3.4MB) at perutz.scripps.edu [137.131.152.27], in
  pub/flex. It displays molecular models and MD trajectories.

MacMolecule
-----------
  (for Macintosh). I searched with Archie, and the most
  promising place is sumex-aim.stanford.edu (info-mac/app, and
  info-mac/art/qt for a demo)

MD-DISPLAY
----------
  Runs on SGI machines. Call Terry Lybrand (lybrand@milton.u.washington.edu).

XtalView
--------
  It is a crystallography package that does visualize molecules and much more.
  It uses the XView toolkit.
  Call Duncan McRee <dem@scripps.edu>

landman@hal.physics.wayne.edu:
-----------------------------
  I am writing my own visualization code right now.  I look at MD output
  (a specific format, easy to alter for the subroutine) on PC's.  My
  program has hooks into GKS.  If your friend has access to Phigs for X
  (PEX) and fortran bindings, I would be happy to share my evolving code
  (free of charge).  Right now it can display supercells of up to 65
  atoms (easy to change), and up to 100 time steps, drawing nearest
  neighbor bonds between 2 defining nn radii.  It works acceptably fast
  on a 10Mhz 286.

icsg0001@caesar.cs.montana.edu:
------------------------------
  I did a project on Molecular Visualization for my Master's Thesis, using
  UNIX/X11/Motif which generates a simple point and space-filling model.

KGNGRAF
-------

KGNGRAF is part of MOTECC-91. Look on malena.crs4.it (156.148.7.12),
in pub/motecc.

motecc.info.txt          Information about MOTECC-91 in plain ascii format.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
motecc.info.troff        Information about MOTECC-91 in troff format.
motecc.form.troff        MOTECC-91 order form in troff format.
motecc.license.troff     MOTECC-91 license agreement in troff format.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
motecc.info.ps           Information about MOTECC-91 in PostScript format.
motecc.form.ps           MOTECC-91 order form in PostScript format.
motecc.license.ps        MOTECC-91 license agreement in PostScript format.


ditolla@itnsg1.cineca.it:
------------------------
  I'm working on molecular dynamic too.  A friend of mine and I have

  developed a program to display an MD run dynamically on Silicon
  Graphics.  We are working to improve it, but it doesn't work under X,
  we are using the graphi. lib. of the Silicon Gr. because they are much
  faster then X.  When we'll end it we'll post on the news info about
  where to get it with ftp. (Will be free software).

XBall V2.0
----------
  Written by David Nedde. Call daven@maxine.wpi.edu.

XMol
----
  An X Window System program that uses OSF/Motif  for  the
  display and  analysis  of  molecular  model data.  Data from several
  common file formats can be read and written; current formats include:
  Alchemy, CHEMLAB-II, Gaussian, MOLSIM, MOPAC, PDB, and MSCI's XYZ
  format (which has been designed  for  simplicity  in  translating to
  and from other formats). XMol also allows for conversion between
  several of these formats.
  Xmol is available at ftp.msc.edu. Read pub/xmol/README for
  further details.

INSIGHT II
----------
  from BIOSYM Technologies Inc.

SCARECROW
---------
  The program has been published in J. Molecular Graphics 10
  (1992) 33. The program can analyze and display CHARMM, DISCOVER, YASP
  and MUMOD trajectories. The program package contains also software for
  the generation of probe surfaces, proton affinity
  surfaces and molecular orbitals from an extended Huckel program.
  It works on Silicon Graphics machines.
  Contact Leif Laaksonen <Leif.Laaksonen@csc.fi or laaksone@csc.fi>

MULTI
-----
ns.niehs.nih.gov [157.98.8.8] : /pub - MULTI 3.0 (Multi-Process
		Molecular Modeling Suite)

+MindTool
+--------
+  It runs under SunView, and requires a fortran compiler and Sun's CGI
+  libraries. MindTool is a tool  provided  for  the  interactive  graphic
+  manipulation  of  molecules  and  atoms. Currently, up to 10,000
+  atoms may be input.
+  Available via anonymous FTP, at rani.chem.yale.edu, directory
+  /pub/MindTool ( Check with Archie for other  sites if that's too far )

[ I would also suggest looking at least in SGI's Applications Directory.
 It contains many more packages - nfotis ]

===========================================================================

19. GIS (Geographical Information Systems software)
===================================================

GRASS
-----
  (Geographic Resource Analysis Support System) of the US Army
  Construction Engineering Research Lab (CERL). It is a popular geographic and
  remote sensing image processing package. Many may think of GRASS as a
  Geographic Information System rather than an Image Processing package,
  although it is reported to have significant image processing
  capabilities.

  Feature Descriptions

  I use GRASS  because it's public domain and can be obtained through the
  internet for free.  GRASS runs in Unix and is written in C.  The source
  code can be obtained through an anonymous ftp from the Office of Grass
  Integration.  You then compile the source code for your machine, using
  scripts provided with GRASS.  I would recommend GRASS for someone who
  already has a workstation and is on a limited budget. GRASS is not very
  user-friendly, compared to Macintosh software." A first review  of
  overview documentation indicates that it looks useful and has some pixel
  resampling functions not in other packages plus good general purpose
  image enhancement routines (fft). Kelly Maurice at Vexcel Corp. in
  Boulder, CO is a primary user of GRASS .  This gentleman has used the
  GRASS software and developed multi-spectral (238 bands ??) volumetric
  rendering, full color, on Suns and Stardents. It was a really effective
  interface.  Vexcel Corp. currently has a contract to map part of Venus
  and convert the Magellan radar data into contour maps. You can call them
  at (303) 444-0094 or email care of greg@vexcel.com 192.92.90.68

  Host Configuration Requirements

  If you are willing to run A/UX you could install GRASS   on a Macintosh
  which has significant image analysis and import capabilities for
  satellite data. GRASS  is public-domain, and can run on a high-end PC
  under UNIX. It is raster-based, has some image-processing capability,
  and can display vector data (but analysis must be done in the raster
  environment). I have used GRASS V.3 on a SUN workstation and found it
  easy to use. It is best, of course, for data that are well represented
  in raster (grid-cell) form.

  Availability

  CERL's Office of Grass Integration (OGI)  maintains an ftp server:
  moon.cecer.army.mil (129.229.20.254).

  Mail regarding this site should be addressed to
  grass-ftp-admin@moon.cecer.army.mil.

  This location will be the new "canonical" source for GRASS software, as
  well as bug fixes, contributed sources, documentation, and other files.
  This FTP server also supports dynamic compression and uncompression and
  "tar" archiving of files.  A feature attraction of the server is John
  Parks' GRASS tutorial.  Because the manual is still in beta-test stage,
  John requests that people only acquire it if they are willing to review
  it and mail him comments/corrections. The OGI is not currently
  maintaining this document, so all correspondence about it should be
  directed to grassx@tang.uark.edu

  Support

  Listserv mailing lists:

  grassu-list@amber.cecer.army.mil (for GRASS users; application-level
  questions, support concerns, miscellaneous questions, etc) Send
  subscribe commands to grassu-request@amber.cecer.army.mil.

  grassp-list@amber.cecer.army.mil (for GRASS programmers; system-level
  questions and tips, tricks, and techniques of design and implementation
  of GRASS applications) Send subscribe commands to
  grassp-request@amber.cecer.army.mil.

  Both lists are maintained by the Office of Grass Integration (subset of
  the Army Corps of Engineers Construction Engineering Research Lab in
  Champaign, IL). The OGI is providing the lists as a service to the
  community; while OGI and CERL employees will participate in the lists,
  we can make no claim as to content or veracity of messages that pass
  through the list.  If you have questions, problems, or comments, send
  E-mail to lists-owner@amber.cecer.army.mil and a human will respond.

Microstation Imager
-------------------
  Intergraph (based in Huntsville Alabama) sells a wide range of GIS
  software/hardware. Microstation is a base  graphics package that Imager
  sits on top of. Imager is basically an  image processing package with a
  heavy GIS/remote sensing flavor.

  Feature Description

  Basic geometry manipulations: flip, mirror, rotate, generalized affine.
  Rectification: Affine, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th order models as well as a
  projective model (warp an image to a vector map or to another image).
  RGB to IHS and IHS to RGB conversion.  Principal component analysis.
  Classification: K-means and isodata.  Fourier Xforms: Forward, filtering
  and reverse.  Filters: High pass, low pass, edge enhancing, median,
  generic.  Complex Histogram/Contrast control.  Layer Controller: manages
  up to 64 images at a time -- user can extract single bands from a 3 band
  image or create color images by combining various individual bands, etc.

  The package is designed for a remote sensing application (it can handle
  VERY LARGE images) and there is all kinds of other software available
  for GIS applications.
  Host Configuration Requirements

  It runs on Intergraph Workstations (a Unix machine similar to a Sun)
  though there  were rumors (there are always rumors) that the software
  would be  ported to PC and possibly a Sun environment.

PCI
---
  A company called PCI, Inc., out of Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada, makes
  an array of software utilities for processing, manipulation, and use of
  remote sensing data in eight or ten different "industry standard"
  formats: LGSOWG, BSQ, LANDSAT, and a couple of others whose titles I
  forget.  The software is available in versions for MS-DOS, Unix
  workstations (among them HP, Sun, and IBM), and VMS, and quite possibly
  other platforms by now.  I use the VMS version.

  The "PCI software" consists of several classes/groups/packages of
  utilities, grouped by function but all operating on a common "PCI
  database" disk file.  The "Tape I/O" package is a set of utility
  programs which read from the various remote-sensing industry tape
  formats INTO, or write those formats out FROM, the "PCI database" file;
  this is the only package I use or know much about.  Other packages can
  display data from the PCI database to one or another of several
  PCI-supported third-party color displays, output numeric or bitmap
  representation of image data to an attached printer, e.g. an Epson-type
  dot-matrix graphics printer.  You might be more spe- cifically
  interested in the mathematical operations package: histo- gram and
  Fourier analysis, equalization, user-specified operations (e.g.
  "multiply channel 1 by 3, add channel 2, and store as channel 5"), and
  God only knows what all else -- there's a LOT.  I don't have and don't
  use these, so can't say much about them; you only buy the packages your
  particular application/interest calls for.

  Each utility is controlled by from one to eight "parameters," read from
  a common "parameter file" which must be (in VMS anyway) in your "default
  directory."  Some utilities will share parameters and use the same
  parameter for a different purpose, so it can get a bit confusing setting
  up a series of operations.  The standard PCI environment contains a
  scripting language very similar to IBM-PC BASIC, but which allows you to
  automate the process of setting up parameters for a common, complicated,
  lengthy or difficult series of utility executions.  (In VMS I can also
  invoke utilities independently from a DCL command procedure.)  There's
  also an optional programming library which allows you to write compiled
  language programs which can interface with (read from/write to) the PCI
  data structures (database file, parameter file).

  The PCI software is designed specifically for remote-sensing images, but
  requires such a level of operator expertise that, once you reach the
  level where you can handle r-s images, you can figure out ways to handle
  a few other things as well.  For instance, the Tape I/O package offers a
  utility for reading headerless multi-band (what Adobe PhotoShop on the
  Macintosh calls "raw") data from tape, in a number of different
  "interleave" orders. This turns out to be ideal for manipulating the
  graphic-arts industry's "CT2T" format, would probably (I haven't tried)
  handle Targa, and so on. Above all, however, you HAVE TO KNOW WHAT
  YOU'RE DOING or you can screw up to the Nth degree and have to start
  over.  It's worth noting that the PCI "database" file is designed to
  contain not only "raster" (image) data, but vectors (for overlaying map
  information entered via digitizing table), land-use, and all manner of
  other information (I observe that a remote-sensing image tape often
  contains all manner of information about the spectral bands, latitude,
  longitude, time, date, etc. of the original satellite pass; all of this
  can go into the PCI "database").

  I _believe_ that on workstations the built-in display is used.  On VAX
  systems OTHER than workstations PCI supports only a couple of specific
  third-party display systems (the name Gould/Deanza seems to come to
  mind).  One of MY personal workarounds was a display program which would
  display directly from a PCI "database" file to a Peritek VCT-Q (Q-bus
  24-bit DirectColor) display subsystem.  PCI software COULD be "overkill"
  in your case; it seems designed for the very "high end"
  applications/users, i.e. those for whom a Mac/PC largely doesn't suffice
  (although as you know the gap is getting smaller all the time).  It's
  probably no coincidence that PCI is located in Canada, a country which
  does a LOT of its land/resource management via remote sensing; I believe
  the Canadian government uses PCI software for some of its work in these
  areas.

SPAM (Spectral Analysis Manager)
--------------------------------
  Back in 1985 JPL developed something called SPAM (Spectral Analysis
  Manager) which got a fair amount of use at the time.  That was designed
  for Airborne Imaging Spectrometer imagery (byte data, <= 256 pixels
  across by <= 512 lines by <= 256 bands); a modified version has since
  been developed for AVIRIS (Airborne VIsual and InfraRed Imaging
  Spectrometer) which uses much larger images.

  Spam does none of these things (rectification, classification, PC and
  IHS transformations, filtering, contrast enhancement, overlays).
  Actually, it does limited filtering and contrast enhancement
  (stretching).  Spam is aimed at spectral identification and clustering.

  The original Spam uses X or SunView to display.  The AVIRIS version may
  require VICAR, an executive based on TAE, and may also require a frame
  buffer.  I can refer you to people if you're interested.  PCW requires X
  for display.

MAP II
------
  Among the Mac GIS systems, MAP II is distributed by John Wiley.

CLRview
-------
  CLRview is a 3-dimensional visualization program designed to exploit
  the real-time capabilities of Silicon Graphics IRIS computers.

  This program is designed to provide a core set of tools to aid in the
  visualization of information from CAD and GIS sources.  It supports
  the integration of many common but disperate data sources such as DXF,
  TIN, DEM, Lattices, and Arc/Info Coverages among others.

  CLRview can be obtained from explorer.dgp.utoronto.ca (128.100.1.129) 
  in the directory pub/sgi/clrview.

  Contact:
  Rodney Hoinkes
  Head of Design Applications
  Centre for Landscape Research
  University of Toronto
  Tel:   (416) 978-7197
  Email: rodney@dgp.utoronto.ca

==========================================================================

End of Resource Listing
In my first posting on this subject I threw out an idea of how to fund
such a contest without delving to deep into the budget.  I mentioned
granting mineral rights to the winner (my actual wording was, "mining
rights.)  Somebody pointed out, quite correctly, that such rights are
not anybody's to grant (although I imagine it would be a fait accompli
situation for the winner.)  So how about this?  Give the winning group
(I can't see one company or corp doing it) a 10, 20, or 50 year
moratorium on taxes.


	If given a definite definition of "God", it is sometimes possible to 
falsify the existance of that God. 
	But, when one refuses to give an immutable definition, one can not.

--- 

        " Whatever promises that have been made can than be broken. "
I would like to get your opinions on this: when exactly does an engaged
couple become "married" in God's eyes?  Some say that if the two have
publically announced their plans to marry, have made their vows to God, and
are unswervingly committed to one another (I realize this is a subjective
qualifier) they are married/joined in God's sight.

Suppose they are unable to get before the altar right at the current time
because of purely logistical reasons beyond their control.  What do you
think about this?

Post or e-mail me with general responses.  If you need clarification as to
what I am asking, please e-mail.

Thanks and God bless!



			  ^^^^^^^^^

huh? it might be interesting. he is relating the story as I have heard
it, btw.




huh? care to back that up?
wing the suggestion of Stu Lynne, I have posted the Image File Format executable and source code to alt.sources.
Does anyone know where I can FTP MPEG for DOS from?  Thanks for any
help in advance.  Email is preferred but posting is fine.

				Scott


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
PSA 145:9  The LORD is good to all: and his  tender  mercies  are
over all his works.
[William Christie asked about the Essene NT.
Andrew Kille reponded
--clh]
In an earlier article, I explained that what many people find arrogant about
Christians is that some Christians profess absolute certianty about their
beliefs and doctrines.  That is, many Christians insist that they CANNOT have
made any mistakes when discovering their beliefs, which amounts to saying
that they are infallible.

Impicitly claiming to be infallible is pretty arrogant, most of us will
probably agree.

In short, the problem is that no matter how good your sources are, if any
part of your doctrines or beliefs rest on your own thinking and reasoning,
then those doctrines are suspect.  So long as your own brain is involved,
there is a possibility for error.  I summarised the problem by writing "There
is no way out of the loop."


Someone called `REXLEX' has claimed that there IS a way out of the loop, but
he did not bother to explain what it was, preferring instead to paraphrase
Sartre, ramble about Wittgenstein, and say that the conclusion of my argument
leads to relativism.

As I have explained to him before, you cannot reject an argument as false
because you dislike where it leads: the facts do not change just because


However, as any first-year philosophy student can explain, what `REXLEX' has
written does not constitute a refutation.  All he has said is that he does
not like what I wrote -- he has done nothing at all to dispute it.

 *

There were two sentences in `REXLEX's post that seemed relevant to the
point at hand:


I do not dispute that some truths can be verified through experience.  I
have, for example, direct experience of adding numbers.  I don't claim to
be infallible at it -- in fact I remember doing sums incorrectly -- but I
do claim that I have direct experience of reasoning about numbers.

However, once we go past experiencing things and start reasoning about
them, we are on much shakier ground.  That was the point of the earlier
article.  Human brains are infested with sin, and they can only be trusted
in very limited circumstances.



But how far does that get you?  Once God's revelation stops, and your own
reasoning begins, possibility for error appears.

For example, let's suppose that our modern Bible translations include a
perfect rendering of Jesus words at the Last Supper, and that Jesus said,
exactly, "This is my body."

We'll presume that what he said was totally without error and absolutely
true.  What can we be certain of?  Not much.

At the moment he stops speaking, and people start interpreting, the
possibility of error appears.  Did he mean that literally or not?  We do
not have any record that he elaborated on the words.  Was he thinking of
Tran- or Con- substatiation?   He didn't say.  We interpret this passage
using our brains; we think and reason and draw conclusions.  But we know
that our brains are not perfect: our thinking often leads us wrong.  (This
is something that most of us have direct experience of.  8-)

Why should anyone believe that his reasoning -- which he knows to be
fallible -- can lead him to perfect conclusions?

So, given the assumptions in this example, what we can be certain of is
that Jesus said "This is my body."  Beyond that, once we start making up
doctrines and using our brains to reason about what Christ revealed, we
get into trouble.

Unless you are infallible, there are very few things you can be certain
of.  To the extent that doctrines rely on fallible human thinking, they
cannot be certain.



That is the problem of seeming arrogant.  The non-Christians around us know
that human beings make mistakes, just as surely as we know it.  They do not
believe we are infallible, any more than we do.

When Christians speak as if they believe their own reasoning can never lead
them astray -- when we implicitly claim that we are infallible -- the non-
Christians around us rarely believe that implicit claim.  Witnessing is
hardly going to work when the person you are talking to believes that you
are either too foolish to recognise your own limits, or intentionally trying
to cover them up.

I think it would be far better to say what things we are certain of and what
things we are only "very confident" of.  For example, we might say that we
know our sin, for recognising sin is something we directly experience.  But
other things, whether based on reasoning from Scripture or extra-Biblical
thinking, should not be labled as infallible: we should say that we are
very confident of them, and be ready to explain our reasoning.

But, so far as I am aware, none of us is infallible -- speaking or acting
as if our thinking is flawless is ridiculous.

 *

`REXLEX' suggested that people read _He is There and He is Not Silent_, by
Francis Schaeffer.  I didn't think very highly of it, but I think that
Mr Schaeffer is grossly overrated by many Evangelical Christians.  Somebody
else might like it, though, so don't let my opinion stop you from reading it.

If someone is interested in my opinion, I'd suggest _On Certainty_, by
Ludwig Wittgenstein.


  I doubt there are good prospects for  a self armoring system
for venus surface conditions (several hundred degrees, very high
pressure of CO2, possibly sulfuric and nitric acids or oxides
but it is a notion to consider for outer planets rs where you might
pick up ices under less extream upper atmosphere conditions buying
deeper penetration.  A nice creative idea, unlikly but worthy of
thinking about.

Is anyone familiar with Doug Sturm?

Please forgive all the inclusions. I suppose they are neccessary to follow
the argument.

My point is that "if life has meaning or importance then we should try
to find that meaning or importance" which is almost a tautology. (I hope
I'm not being too patronizing.) One term for that meaning is "Creator",
though that is not obvious from my above argument.


(It's more like "I think, therefore I am, therefore God is.")


Unfortunately the term "religious" is ambiguous to me in this context.
I could say that searching for meaning in life is by definition being
religious. I could say cult followers by definition have given up on 
the search.

If you want "meaning" why not search for the truth?

So far, my understanding of Christianity is congruent with my understanding
of truth. There have been many before me who have come to conclusions 
that are worded in ways that make sense to me. By no means does that imply
that I understand everything. 


Why not use the PD C library for reading/writing TIFF files? It took me a
good 20 minutes to start using them in your own app.

Martin

--
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Let's get back to basics.  Canon (from the latin) means a rule.  If
we say that a rule is open then its a rule made to be broken.  
There is an issue also of measurement against a rule.  Thus the words
that are spoken need to be compared against the rule/canon but not
added to the canon.

Is new revelation necessary?  Topical, current, personal revelation
I'd say is necessary.  New revelation for all people for all times
is not necessary as we have that in Scripture.

You also seem to confuse canon with scripture.  Scripture may speak of
itself being open - ie God speaking today.  It would speak that it is
closed in the sense that the canon is unchangeable.  (Though the concept
of canon is later historically.)


I agree with the problem of confusion.  If prophecy is meant to encourage,
exhort or correct then is an overlap with scripture.  If prophecy is
meant to bring a `word' of the form "the man you live with is not your
husband" then that is knowledge.  Yet the exact words their are scripture.
I would expect the difference to be the motive and means for delivery.
The reading of scripture itself can be a powerful force.

Regards
 David
My last article included this quote:

 "If any substantial number of  [ talk.religion.misc ]  readers read some
  Wittgenstein, 60% of the postings would disappear.  (If they *understood*
  some Wittgenstein, 98% would disappear. :-))" -- Michael L Siemon

 

There is a convention called a `smiley', which looks like this:   :-)  .
It is supposed to look like a sideways smiley-face, and indicates that the
preceding comment is supposed to be funny.


And, I'll note that I have participated on talk.religion.misc for over
five years -- I'd say Mr Siemon was not too far off.  8^)

 *

In the meat of his reply, Mr Boundary serves up an excellent example of what
I meant by "There is no way out of the loop".  I wrote that human brains "are
infested with sin", and can be trusted only in limited circumstances.



Which just moves the problem back one level: how do you tell if your
conscience is properly formed?

The only way to tell is to presuppose that you are capable of judging the
formed-ness of your own conscience.  In other words, you can only be sure
that your conscience is `properly formed' if you assume that your evaluation
can be trusted.  Assuming your conclusions saves you a lot of time, I'll
grant, but it's not a valid way of reasoning.

Unless you are infallible, your judgements about your own thinking cannot be
certain.  Therefore, it is not possible to be certain your conscience is
`properly formed'.  (Whatever that is supposed to mean.)


Mr Boundary then gives another paradigm example of the problem:


The Church is `by necessity' the infallible interpreter of divine revelation?
How do you know?  Presumably, you believe this because of some argument or
another -- how do you know that the argument contains no mistakes?

You write:


But there is a huge difference between `confidence in our ability to
distinguish what is true from what is not true' and `infallible'.  I am
confident about a lot of things, but absolute certainty is a very long way
from `confident'.

This discussion is about the arrogance of claiming to be absolutely certain
(really, go check the subject line).  Saying you are absolutely certain is
significantly different than saying you are confident.  When you say that
you are confident, that invites people to ask why.

Except in very limited circumstances, when you say that you are absolutely
certain, it invites people to dismiss you as someone who does not have any
idea of his own fallibility.


I have yet to meet anyone who believed in a knowably-infallible source of
truth who would admit the possibility of errors in his reasoning.  All of
them -- every last one -- has claimed that he was himself infallible.
The result has been to convince me that they had no idea what was going on.


Darren F Provine / kilroy@gboro.rowan.edu

[This particular discussion may not be entirely relevant to the
original criticism.  I get the feeling that the original poster
regarded as arrogant the very idea that there are right and wrong
answers in religion, and that the difference can have eternal
consequences.  When I say that I think there is a hell and that he is
at least in significant danger of ending up there, I will admit that
-- as you say -- the reasoning processes I used to reach this are
fallible.  Thus at least in principle I could be wrong.  But these
basic facts are clearly enough taught in the Bible that I think it's
unlikely that I'm misinterpreting it.  (In order to get this level of
confidence, I've tried to frame my statement sufficiently carefully as
to sidestep a number of the more controversial issues.  I haven't, for
example said that all non-Christians will definitely end up in hell,
and I haven't attempted to describe hell in any detail.)  I have a
feeling that my view is going to be regarded as arrogant and
intolerant even though I acknowledge that I'm fallible and so there's
some chance I'm wrong.

Don't get me wrong -- I think there are a lot of genuinely arrogant
Christians, and often criticism of us is justified.  But in at least
some cases I think the criticisms constitute blaming the messenger.
If the universe is set up so that there are eternal consequences for
certain decisions, it's not my fault -- I'm just telling it the way I
think it is.  You may think God is immoral for setting things up that
way.  It's one of the critiques of Christianity that I find it most
difficult to respond to.  But it's not arrogance for me to tell what
I think is the truth.
Hello.


I just read my first newspaper in a while and noticed an article on a
'messianic cult' leader named 'David Koresh'.

I'd like to know more about this and what is going on with them.

Please email me as I don't normally read this newsgroup.  Thanks.

Hiya 

I'm a VERY amuture astronomer in Adelaide Australia, and today, I heard some
very interesting and exciting news from a local program on TV. As I couldn't
find anything on it on the news server, I have posted this. However, if it is
old information, tell me, and ill sue the TV station for saying they are 
'Up to date' ;-)

(Also, my news server could be slow. . so . . .!!!

I only caught the end of the article, so all the information on the topic
is not known to me at the moment.

The news is of a small 'psudo' planet outside the orbit of pluto found in a 
Hawiian obsevatory, supposably 'recently' - acording to the report.
It was meant to be about 150miles in diamater, and a faily large distance 
from the plutos orbit.  (it had a computer drawing, and the orbit distance
from pluto was about the same as neptune to pluto when they are furthest
apart.  This is all I found out about it. OH it is called Karna. (un-officially
).  
CAn anyone give any more information to me on it???

Thanx.

Brendan Woithe
swoithe@crackle.aelmg.adelaide.edu.au

BTW - if this is old news, does anyone know a good lawyer. . . .8)

I wrote...

and it has since turned out that all the mirror sites I looked at were 
fooled by a restructuring at the original site - zaphod.ncsa.uiuc.edu - 
and hence were in a mess. That and a pointer to 'imconv' should get
me started. Ta muchly.

Cheers
	Markus
The difficulties of a high Isp OTV include:
Long transfer times (radiation damage from VanAllen belts for both
 the spacecraft and OTV
Arcjets or Xenon thrusters require huge amounts of power so you have
to have either nuclear power source (messy, dangerous and source of
radiation damage) or BIG solar arrays (sensitive to radiation, or heavy)
that make attitude control and docking a big pain.

If you go solar, you have to replace the arrays every trip, with
current technology. Nuclear power sources are strongly restricted
by international treaty.

Refueling (even for very high Isp like xenon) is still required and]
turn out to be a pain.

You either have to develop autonomous rendezvous or long range teleoperation
to do docking or    ( and refueling) .

You still can't do much plane change because the deltaV required is so high!

The Air Force continues to look at doing things this way though. I suppose
they are biding their time till the technology becomes available and
the problems get solved.  Not impossible in principle, but hard to
do and marginally cheaper than one shot rockets, at least today.

Just a few random thoughts on high Isp OTV's. I designed one once...
Could someone explain the difference between Tom Gaskins' two books:

  o  PEXLIB Programming Manual
  o  PHIGS Programming Manual

Why would I want to buy one book vs the other book?  I have an 80386
running SCO UNIX (X11R4) on my desktop, a SUN IV/360 in my lab, and 
access to a variety of other systems (Alliant FX/2800, Cray Y/MP) on
the network.  Mostly, we would like to do 3D modeling/visualization
of rat, rabbit, monkey, and human brain structure.

Thanks, AJ

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Alexander-James Annala
Principal Investigator
Neuroscience Image Analysis Network
HEDCO Neuroscience Building, Fifth Floor
University of Southern California
University Park
Los Angeles, CA 90089-2520
Archive-name: space/astronaut
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:02 $

HOW TO BECOME AN ASTRONAUT

    First the short form, authored by Henry Spencer, then an official NASA
    announcement.

    Q. How do I become an astronaut?

    A. We will assume you mean a NASA astronaut, since it's probably
    impossible for a non-Russian to get into the cosmonaut corps (paying
    passengers are not professional cosmonauts), and the other nations have
    so few astronauts (and fly even fewer) that you're better off hoping to
    win a lottery. Becoming a shuttle pilot requires lots of fast-jet
    experience, which means a military flying career; forget that unless you
    want to do it anyway. So you want to become a shuttle "mission
    specialist".

    If you aren't a US citizen, become one; that is a must.  After that,
    the crucial thing to remember is that the demand for such jobs vastly
    exceeds the supply.  NASA's problem is not finding qualified people,
    but thinning the lineup down to manageable length.	It is not enough
    to be qualified; you must avoid being *dis*qualified for any reason,
    many of them in principle quite irrelevant to the job.

    Get a Ph.D.  Specialize in something that involves getting your hands
    dirty with equipment, not just paper and pencil.  Forget computer
    programming entirely; it will be done from the ground for the fore-
    seeable future.  Degree(s) in one field plus work experience in
    another seems to be a frequent winner.

    Be in good physical condition, with good eyesight.	(DO NOT get a
    radial keratomy or similar hack to improve your vision; nobody knows
    what sudden pressure changes would do to RKed eyes, and long-term
    effects are poorly understood.  For that matter, avoid any other
    significant medical unknowns.)  If you can pass a jet-pilot physical,
    you should be okay; if you can't, your chances are poor.

    Practise public speaking, and be conservative and conformist in
    appearance and actions; you've got a tough selling job ahead, trying
    to convince a cautious, conservative selection committee that you
    are better than hundreds of other applicants.  (And, also, that you
    will be a credit to NASA after you are hired:  public relations is
    a significant part of the job, and NASA's image is very prim and
    proper.)  The image you want is squeaky-clean workaholic yuppie.
    Remember also that you will need a security clearance at some point,
    and Security considers everybody guilty until proven innocent.
    Keep your nose clean.

    Get a pilot's license and make flying your number one hobby;
    experienced pilots are known to be favored even for non-pilot jobs.

    Work for NASA; of 45 astronauts selected between 1984 and 1988,
    43 were military or NASA employees, and the remaining two were
    a NASA consultant and Mae Jemison (the first black female astronaut).
    If you apply from outside NASA and miss, but they offer you a job
    at NASA, ***TAKE IT***; sometimes in the past this has meant "you
    do look interesting but we want to know you a bit better first".

    Think space:  they want highly motivated people, so lose no chance
    to demonstrate motivation.

    Keep trying.  Many astronauts didn't make it the first time.




    NASA
    National Aeronautics and Space Administration
    Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center
    Houston, Texas

    Announcement for Mission Specialist and Pilot Astronaut Candidates
    ==================================================================

    Astronaut Candidate Program
    ---------------------------

    The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has a need for
    Pilot Astronaut Candidates and Mission Specialist Astronaut Candidates
    to support the Space Shuttle Program. NASA is now accepting on a
    continuous basis and plans to select astronaut candidates as needed.

    Persons from both the civilian sector and the military services will be
    considered.

    All positions are located at the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center in
    Houston, Texas, and will involved a 1-year training and evaluation
    program.

    Space Shuttle Program Description
    ---------------------------------

    The numerous successful flights of the Space Shuttle have demonstrated
    that operation and experimental investigations in space are becoming
    routine. The Space Shuttle Orbiter is launched into, and maneuvers in
    the Earth orbit performing missions lastling up to 30 days. It then
    returns to earth and is ready for another flight with payloads and
    flight crew.

    The Orbiter performs a variety of orbital missions including deployment
    and retrieval of satellites, service of existing satellites, operation
    of specialized laboratories (astronomy, earth sciences, materials
    processing, manufacturing), and other operations. These missions will
    eventually include the development and servicing of a permanent space
    station. The Orbiter also provides a staging capability for using higher
    orbits than can be achieved by the Orbiter itself. Users of the Space
    Shuttle's capabilities are both domestic and foreign and include
    government agencies and private industries.

    The crew normally consists of five people - the commander, the pilot,
    and three mission specialists. On occasion additional crew members are
    assigned. The commander, pilot, and mission specialists are NASA
    astronauts.

    Pilot Astronaut

    Pilot astronauts server as both Space Shuttle commanders and pilots.
    During flight the commander has onboard responsibility for the vehicle,
    crew, mission success and safety in flight. The pilot assists the
    commander in controlling and operating the vehicle. In addition, the
    pilot may assist in the deployment and retrieval of satellites utilizing
    the remote manipulator system, in extra-vehicular activities, and other
    payload operations.

    Mission Specialist Astronaut

    Mission specialist astronauts, working with the commander and pilot,
    have overall responsibility for the coordination of Shuttle operations
    in the areas of crew activity planning, consumables usage, and
    experiment and payload operations. Mission specialists are required to
    have a detailed knowledge of Shuttle systems, as well as detailed
    knowledge of the operational characteristics, mission requirements and
    objectives, and supporting systems and equipment for each of the
    experiments to be conducted on their assigned missions. Mission
    specialists will perform extra-vehicular activities, payload handling
    using the remote manipulator system, and perform or assist in specific
    experimental operations.

    Astronaut Candidate Program
    ===========================

    Basic Qualification Requirements
    --------------------------------

    Applicants MUST meet the following minimum requirements prior to
    submitting an application.

    Mission Specialist Astronaut Candidate:

    1. Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution in engineering,
    biological science, physical science or mathematics. Degree must be
    followed by at least three years of related progressively responsible,
    professional experience. An advanced degree is desirable and may be
    substituted for part or all of the experience requirement (master's
    degree = 1 year, doctoral degree = 3 years). Quality of academic
    preparation is important.

    2. Ability to pass a NASA class II space physical, which is similar to a
    civilian or military class II flight physical and includes the following
    specific standards:

	 Distant visual acuity:
	      20/150 or better uncorrected,
	      correctable to 20/20, each eye.

	 Blood pressure:
	      140/90 measured in sitting position.

    3. Height between 58.5 and 76 inches.

    Pilot Astronaut Candidate:

    1. Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution in engineering,
    biological science, physical science or mathematics. Degree must be
    followed by at least three years of related progressively responsible,
    professional experience. An advanced degree is desirable. Quality of
    academic preparation is important.

    2. At least 1000 hours pilot-in-command time in jet aircraft. Flight
    test experience highly desirable.

    3. Ability to pass a NASA Class I space physical which is similar to a
    military or civilian Class I flight physical and includes the following
    specific standards:

	 Distant visual acuity:
	      20/50 or better uncorrected
	      correctable to 20/20, each eye.

	 Blood pressure:
	      140/90 measured in sitting position.

    4. Height between 64 and 76 inches.

    Citizenship Requirements

    Applications for the Astronaut Candidate Program must be citizens of
    the United States.

    Note on Academic Requirements

    Applicants for the Astronaut Candidate Program must meet the basic
    education requirements for NASA engineering and scientific positions --
    specifically: successful completion of standard professional curriculum
    in an accredited college or university leading to at least a bachelor's
    degree with major study in an appropriate field of engineering,
    biological science, physical science, or mathematics.

      The following degree fields, while related to engineering and the
    sciences, are not considered qualifying:
      - Degrees in technology (Engineering Technology, Aviation Technology,
	Medical Technology, etc.)
      - Degrees in Psychology (except for Clinical Psychology, Physiological
	Psychology, or Experimental Psychology which are qualifying).
      - Degrees in Nursing.
      - Degrees in social sciences (Geography, Anthropology, Archaeology, etc.)
      - Degrees in Aviation, Aviation Management or similar fields.

    Application Procedures
    ----------------------

    Civilian

    The application package may be obtained by writing to:

	NASA Johnson Space Center
	Astronaut Selection Office
	ATTN: AHX
	Houston, TX 77058

    Civilian applications will be accepted on a continuous basis. When NASA
    decides to select additional astronaut candidates, consideration will be
    given only to those applications on hand on the date of decision is
    made. Applications received after that date will be retained and
    considered for the next selection. Applicants will be notified annually
    of the opportunity to update their applications and to indicate
    continued interest in being considered for the program. Those applicants
    who do not update their applications annually will be dropped from
    consideration, and their applications will not be retained. After the
    preliminary screening of applications, additional information may be
    requested for some applicants, and person listed on the application as
    supervisors and references may be contacted.

    Active Duty Military

    Active duty military personnel must submit applications to their
    respective military service and not directly to NASA. Application
    procedures will be disseminated by each service.

    Selection
    ---------

    Personal interviews and thorough medical evaluations will be required
    for both civilian and military applicants under final consideration.
    Once final selections have been made, all applicants who were considered
    will be notified of the outcome of the process.

    Selection rosters established through this process may be used for the
    selection of additional candidates during a one year period following
    their establishment.

    General Program Requirements

    Selected applicants will be designated Astronaut Candidates and will be
    assigned to the Astronaut Office at the Johnson Space Center, Houston,
    Texas. The astronaut candidates will undergo a 1 year training and
    evaluation period during which time they will be assigned technical or
    scientific responsibilities allowing them to contribute substantially to
    ongoing programs. They will also participate in the basic astronaut
    training program which is designed to develop the knowledge and skills
    required for formal mission training upon selection for a flight. Pilot
    astronaut candidates will maintain proficiency in NASA aircraft during
    their candidate period.

    Applicants should be aware that selection as an astronaut candidate does
    not insure selection as an astronaut. Final selection as an astronaut
    will depend on satisfactory completion of the 1 year training and
    evaluation period. Civilian candidates who successfully complete the
    training and evaluation and are selected as astronauts will become
    permanent Federal employees and will be expected to remain with NASA for
    a period of at least five years. Civilian candidates who are not
    selected as astronauts may be placed in other positions within NASA
    depending upon Agency requirements and manpower constraints at that
    time. Successful military candidates will be detailed to NASA for a
    specified tour of duty.

    NASA has an affirmative action program goal of having qualified
    minorities and women among those qualified as astronaut candidates.
    Therefore, qualified minorities and women are encouraged to apply.

    Pay and Benefits
    ----------------

    Civilians

    Salaries for civilian astronaut candidates are based on the Federal
    Governments General Schedule pay scales for grades GS-11 through GS-14,
    and are set in accordance with each individuals academic achievements
    and experience.

    Other benefits include vacation and sick leave, a retirement plan, and
    participation in group health and life insurance plans.

    Military

    Selected military personnel will be detailed to the Johnson Space Center
    but will remain in an active duty status for pay, benefits, leave, and
    other similar military matters.

: : 42 is 101010 binary, and who would forget that its the
: : answer to the Question of "Life, the Universe, and Everything else."
: : Of course the Question has not yet been discovered...
: ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
: But it WAS discovered (sort of).  The question was "What is 7 times 8?"

[ Read on and there's a special prize at the bottom.  Amaze your friends
and gain respect from your peers that you can carry on so long about the
number 42. ]

The original question was "What is the meaning of Life, the Universe, and
and Everything."  The answer generated by Deep Thought (the 2nd largest
computer ever created) was 42.  Deep Thought realized that to understand
the answer, one must really know what the question is.  Unfortunately, he
didn't.  But he was able to help build the largest computer (named Earth)
which could figure out the real question.  (I know this is background
knowledge for everyone here... just bear with me a sec... :)

When Arthur pulled the scrabble tiles out of the bag, he spelled out
"What is nine times six?" (or the like).  However, it is not clear that
the monkey-man had the right question in his brain, especially since it
was that lady in the diner (which was vaporized moments later) that came
up with the answer to how everyone could get along.  On the other hand,
Marvin said he saw the answer in Dent's brain, so lets presume it's 
correct.

Well, NINE TIMES SIX ***IS*** FORTY-TWO!!!  ...in base 13.

Chew on that for awhile... :)

--
Chris Russell            Custom software, networks, CASE tools, and consulting
Adaptive Solutions       Sun SPARC, SGI IRIS, HP Apollo, Macintosh, & PC
The ONLY unity I've found which is true is when all parties involved are
disciples.  I came out of a church in which even the different
congregations were always competing and arguing about which one was
better and who had the better messages (while none of them put anything
into practice from those messages).  Since becoming a disciple, I've
found that when I travel to another church in the same movement, they
are just as accepting there as any other.  We had a retreat back in
January when some of the congregation from Louisville, KY came up (this
retreat was for college students) and it was as though I had known even
the people from Louisville for years (and I had only become a disciple
the previous April and had never been to the church in Kentucky).  One
of the keys to unity is unselfish love and self-sacrifice.  That is only
one area in which disciples stand out from "Christians".  Also, another
part of unity is a common depth of conviction.  I've also been a part of
some "Christian" campus fellowships who were focused on unity between
churches and saw that those churches had one thing involved:  a lack of
conviction about everything they believed.  That was why they could be
unified, they didn't care about the truth but delighted in getting along
together.

Creeds?  What need is there of creeds when the Bible stands firmly
better?


According to the Scriptures, splits and differences of opinion are going
to be there.  As per a previous note, I mentioned that there are those
who teach falsely by many means.  There are also differences of opinion
and belief.  However, Scripture states:  
   In the following directives I have no praise for you, for your
meetings do more harm than good.  In the first place, I hear that when
you come together as a church, there re divisions among you, and to some
extent I believe it.  No doubt there have to be differences among you to
show which of you have God's approval (1 Corinthians 11:17-19).

How will God show his approval?  By fruitfulness (see Acts 2:47), but
before that, there are these qualities:
   devotion to the apostles teaching
   fellowship
   communion
   filling with awe for God
   all having everything in common.
   glad and sincere hearts
   praising God
   enjoying the favor of the people
All these are mentioned in Acts 2:42-47.  God also shows that those who
have these qualities are persecuted.  Look at Stephen, "a man full of
faith and of the Holy Spirit" (Acts 6:5) who was later stoned (Acts
7:54-60).  


One can say that a church is the true church only if that church is
perfect not only in the congregation but worldwide as a movement.  I
have yet to find that, but the closest one I've found is the Boston
Church of Christ movement, which constantly strives to have errors
pointed out and corrected.  It is also the only one I've seen which is
totally sold out to God.

As for cooperation, that can always occur.  Unity, on the other hand may
never occur.  As for those who think about only one church being the
"true one", I remind them that Mark 9:38-41 states that there are
disciples who are not a part of the main group to begin with, but they
will not lose their reward.  As with the Boston movement, I've heard
numerous times this exact same thing, that there are disciples out there
that are not a part of the Boston movement but that does not make them
any less disciples.  Of course, few people admit that they've ever run
into someone who has the qualities of a disciple outside the movement.
I know I haven't.

I must warn that this sounds cliquey to me.  A clique is a group which
runs around together to some extent exclusively.  This causes problems
in fellowship and causes divisions.  I would not say at all that this is
something "correct" for a church/group to do for any reason.  In one of
the churches I attended, for example, there was an internal clique of
people who were on the 14 different groups/committees/organizational
heads of the congregation.  They rarely talked to anyone else outside of
the committees and seldom were voted out of office without another
office being "opened up" so that they would have to step right back in.
Their degree of exclusion was such that when the new pastor came, he
nearly had to wipe out everything and start from scratch (I wish he
would've since they still have no clue about what it means to be a
disciple).  Anyway, this rigidity in the clique is beginning to be
broken down, but is still there.  So, I must warn against such division
within.  There's enough division without.

Background: The Orion spacedrive was a theoretical concept.  It
would be a drive using thermonuclear explosions to drive a spacecraft.
The idea was that you'd detonate devices with somewhere from one to
ten megatons yield behind a "pusher plate" attached to the main
spacecraft.  The shock wave from the explosions would transfer
momentum to the ship.

  Now, in an atmosphere I can see this.  The energy of the explosion
heats the atmosphere, which expands explosively and slams a shock wave
into the pusher plate.  But in a vacuum, only two things I can see are
going to hit the plate: fission/fusion products (barium, krypton,
helium, neutrons, evaporated bomb casing) and electromagnetic
radiation (gammas mostly, some light/heat from irradiated fission
products).

  Would this work?  I can't see the EM radiation impelling very much
momentum (especially given the mass of the pusher plate), and it seems
to me you're going to get more momentum transfer throwing the bombs
out the back of the ship than you get from detonating them once
they're there.

  I must be missing something.  Would someone enlighten me via email?

  Thanks.

-- 
	--Jim

I need information on the Display PostScript strokeadjust feature.
This feature adjusts the endpoints of lines so that the displayed line
looks better on low resolution devices.

The PostScript literature explains the process to some extent.  They
also give an example of how to "emulate" strokeadjust in PostScript
environments where it is absent.

The suggested emulation is to modify the coordinates of the endpoints
of a line using the following formula for each coordinate:

	new_coord = (round (old_coord - 0.25)) + 0.25
	
Doing this we end up with all coordinates ending in ".25".  From
reading I thought that what they might actually do is:

	new_coord = ((trunc (old_coord * 2)) / 2) + 0.25
	
This results in all the coordinates ending in either "0.25" or "0.75" 
whichever is closer.

By doing some actual comparisons with Display PostScript, I find that
neither of these is what DPS really uses.  Since I like how the DPS
result looks better than how my stuff looks, I'd like to know if
anyone who knows how DPS does it is willing/able to tell me.

Thanks,

I've been given the sites of some excellent 3D objects on all sorts of file formats ...
Here's where they are:


Host plaza.aarnet.edu.au

    Location: /graphics/graphics/mirrors
      DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x        512  Apr  4 14:32  avalon.chinalake.navy.mil

Host compute1.cc.ncsu.edu

    Location: /mirrors/wustl/graphics/graphics/mirrors
      DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x        512  Mar 14 09:15  avalon.chinalake.navy.mil

Host wuarchive.wustl.edu

    Location: /graphics/graphics/mirrors
      DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x        512  Jan  3 06:29  avalon.chinalake.navy.mil

Dean Velasco quoted a letter from James M Stowell, president of
Moody Bible Institute:



There has been a lot of discussion, but so far nobody seems to have hit on
exactly what the criticism of "arrogance" is aimed at.

The arrogance being attacked is that we "think we are the only ones who know
what the absolutes are".  In short, many evangelicals claim that they are
infallible on the matter of religious texts.

In particular, the problem is one of epistemology.  As a shorthand, you can
think of epistemology as "how do you know?"  That question, it turns out, is
a very troubling one.

The problem with `absolute certainty' is that, at the bottom, at least some of
the thinking goes on inside your own head.  Unless you can be certain that
everything which happens in your head is infallible, the reasoning you did to
discover a source of truth is in question.

And that means you do NOT have absolute justification for your source of
authority -- which means you do NOT have absolute certainty.


Let's take the specific example of Biblical Inerrancy, and a fictional
Inerrantist named Zeke.  (The following arguments applies to the idea of
Papal Infallibility, too.)

Zeke has, we presume, spent some time studying the Bible, and history, and
several other topics.  He has concluded, based on all these studies (and
possibly some religious experiences) that the Bible is a source of Absolute
Truth.

He may be correct; but even if he is, he cannot be certain that he is correct.
His conclusion depends on how well he studied history -- he may have made
mistakes, and the references he used may have contained mistakes.  His
conclusion depends on how well he studied the Bible -- he may have made
mistakes.  His conclusion depends on his own reasoning -- and he may have made
mistakes.  (Noticing a common thread yet?  8-)

Everything about his study of the world that he did -- everything that
happened in his own head -- is limited by his own thinking.  No matter what
he does to try and cover his mistakes, he can never be certain of his own
infallibility.  As long as ANY PART of the belief is based on his own
reasoning, that belief cannot be considered "absolutely certain".

Zeke believes that he has found a source of absolute truth -- but that belief
is only as good as the quality of the search he made for it.  Unless he can
say that his own reasoning is flawless, his conclusions are in doubt.

Any belief that you hold about absolute sources of truth depends in part on
your own thinking -- there is no way out of the loop.  Only an infallible
thinker can have absolute certainty in all his beliefs.


This is easy to demonstrate.  Let's go back to our shorthand method of doing
epistemology: "how do you know?"  Imagine a hypothetical discussion:

 A: The Bible is a source of absolute truth.

 B: How do you know?

 A: I studied history and the Bible and religious writings and church
    teachings and came to this conclusion.

 B: How do you know you studied history correctly?

 A: Well, I double-checked everything.

 B: How do you know you double-checked correctly?

 A: Well, I compared my answers with some smart people and we agreed.

 B: Just because some smart guy believes something that doesn't mean it is
    true.  How do you know THEY studied it correctly?

 A: ...

And, as you see, B will eventually get A to the point where he has to say "I
can't prove that there are no mistakes" -- and as long as you may have made a
mistake, then you cannot be ABSOLUTELY certain.

There is no way out of the loop.


This is where the "arrogance of Christians" arises: many people believe
that their own personal research can give them absolute certainty about the
doctrines of Christianity -- they are implicitly claiming that they are
infallible, and that there is no possibility of mistake.

Claiming that you CANNOT have made a mistake, and that your thinking has led
you to a flawless conclusion, is pretty arrogant.

 *

People who want to see this argument explained in great detail should try to
find _The Infallibility of the Church_, by George Salmon.  He is attacking
the idea that the Pope can be knowably infallible (and he does so very well),
but the general argument applies equally well to the idea that the Bible is
knowably Inerrant.





A good point.  What helps to keep such things going is the public
attitude that one should have "faith""; that some authority from
on high should not be subjected to mere reason.  Couple this with a
variety of personality quirks, mojor and minor mental illnesses, and
ego of would-be leaders, and you get all the variety of cults and 
religions that people subscribe to.


The General Chairman is Paul Bialla, who is some official of General
Dynamics.

The emphasis seems to be on a scaled-down, fast plan to put *people*
on the Moon in an impoverished spaceflight-funding climate. You'd
think it would be a golden opportunity to do lots of precusor work for
modest money using an agressive series of robot spacecraft, but
there's not a hint of this in the brochure.


You're not hanging out with the Right People, apparently.

We have no way to know that the cultists burned the house; it could have been
the BATF and FBI.  We only have the government's word for it, after all, and
people who started it by a no-knock search with concussion grenades are hardly
disinterested observers.
--
"On the first day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Leftover Turkey!
On the second day after Christmas my truelove served to me...  Turkey Casserole
    that she made from Leftover Turkey.
[days 3-4 deleted] ...  Flaming Turkey Wings! ...
   -- Pizza Hut commercial (and M*tlu/A*gic bait)
LISTOWNER: I have sent this to Mr Anderson privately. Post it only
if you think it of general interest.

Here is a copy of something I wrote for another list. You may
find it relevant.

A listmember asks:

 > What makes common-law marriages wrong?

A common-law marriage is not necessarily wrong in itself. There is
nothing in the Bible (Old or New Testament) about getting married by
a preacher, or by a priest (Jewish or Christian). And in fact Jewish
priests have never had any connection with weddings.

There is a common notion that the marriage is performed by the
clergyman. In fact, the traditional Christian view (at least in the
West) is that the bride and groom are the ministers of the marriage,
and that the clergyman is there only as a witness.

HOWEVER!

The essential ingredient of a marriage is mutual commitment. Two
persons are considered to be married if and only if they have bound
themselves by mutual promises to live together as husband and wife,
forsaking all others, till death do them part.

      The reason why those who have reason to be concerned about who
is married to whom have always insisted on some kind of public
ceremony is in order that society, and the couple themselves, may be
clear about whether a commitment has been made.

Suppose that we do away with the public ceremony, the standard vows,
etc. Instead, we have a man and a woman settling down to live
together.
      After a year or so, the man says to the woman: Hey, honey, it
was great while it lasted, but I think it's time to move on.
younger.
ocean, as eternal as the stars. As long as I live, I am yours,
utterly and completely. When I lie on my deathbed, my last feeble
breath will utter your name. My..."
man is in a romantic mood, he is bound to say all kinds of silly
things like that. You mustn't take them literally.

And that is why you have an insistence on a formal ceremony that is
a matter of public record.
      The Church insists on it, because it is her duty (among other
things) to give moral advice, and you cannot give a man moral advice
about his relations with a woman if you have no idea who is married
to whom, if anybody, and vice versa.
      The State insists on it, since the state has a concern with
property rights, with child care and support, and therefore needs to
know who has made what commitments to whom.
      Prospective fathers-in-law insist on it, because they don't
want their daughters seduced and abandoned.
      Prospective spouses insist on it, because they want to make
sure they know whether what they are hearing is a real commitment,
or just "poetry."
      And persons making vows themselves insist on making them
formally and publicly, in order that they may be clear in their own
minds about what it is that they are doing, and may know themselves
that this is not just rhetoric. This is the real thing.

      Hence the insistence on a formal public explicit avowal of the
marriage commitment.  The Church goes further and insists that, when
Christians marry, a clergyman shall be present at the wedding and
record the vows on behalf of the Church, not because it is
impossible to have a valid wedding without a clergyman, but in order
to make sure that the couple understand what the Christian teaching
about marriage is, and that they are in fact promising to be married
in a Christian sense. The Church also prefers a standard marriage
vow, and is wary of letting couples Write their own vows, for much
the same reason that lawyers prefer standard terminology when they
draw up a will or a contract. Certain language has been repeatedly
used in wills, and one can be sure how the courts will interpret it.
Try to say the same thing in your own words, and you may find that
the probate judge's interpretation of them is not at all what you
intended.  Similarly, the Church prefers to avoid endless debates
about whether "You are my main squeeze" and "I am here for the long
haul" do in fact cover the same territory as "forsaking all others"
and "till death do us part."

      This topic has come up on the list before. (Is there any topic
that hasn't?) One listmember was asking, "If a couple love each
other and are living together, isn't that marriage in the eyes of
God?" Eventually someone asked, "In that case, what is their status
if they break up? Is that the moral equivalent of getting a divorce?
Are they in a relationship that God forbids either of them to walk
of that!" In fact, there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that
someone who says, "We don't need a piece of paper or a ceremony in
front of a judge or a preacher in order to show that we love each
other," is trying to have it both ways -- to have the advantages of
marriage plus the option of changing his mind with a minimum of
bother.

At this point someone may say, "None of this applies to me and my
mate. We are quite clear on the fact that we have assumed a lifelong
commitment, 'for better or worse, forsaking all others, till death
us do part.' So in our case, no ceremony is needed."
     To this my reply would be: The reason for requiring a driver's
license is to keep dangerous drivers off the road.  What is wrong in
itself is not the existence of unlicensed drivers, but the existence
of dangerous drivers. However, testing and licensing drivers is an
obvious and reasonable means of pursuing the goal of reducing the
number of dangerous drivers on the road. Therefore the State rightly
makes and enforces such laws, and you the citizen have a positive
moral obligation to refrain from driving without a license no matter
how much of a hotshot behind the wheel you think you are.

Back to the original question. We have a listmember who knows a
couple who have been living together for around 20 years. He asks:
At what point did they stop fornicating and start being married? I
answer: at the point, if any, where they both definitely and
explicitly accepted an obligation to be faithful to each other, for
better or worse, as long as they both lived. If they have accepted
such an obligation, what are their reasons for not being willing to
declare it in front of, say, a justice of the peace?

You totally forgot the original post that you posted Allen. In that post
you stated that the "wrap" was on top of and in addition to any overhead.
Geez in this post you finally admit that this is not true.


Come your little ol buns down here and you will find out who is doing
what and who is working on integration. This is simply an ad hominum
attack and you know it.


Of course there is a fee. It is for administration. Geez Allen any
organization has costs but there is a heck of a difference in  legitimate
costs, such as libraries and other things that must be there to support
a program and "wrap" as you originally stated it.You stated that wrap
was on top of all of the overhead which a couple of sentences down you
say is not true. Which is it Allen?


As you have posted on this subject Allen, you state that wrap is over and
above overhead and is a seperate charge. You admit here that this is wrong.
Nasa has a line item budget every year. I have seen it Allen. Get some
numbers from that detailed NASA budget and dig out the wrap numbers and then
howl to high heaven about it. Until you do that you are barking in the wind.


Integration could be done better at the centers. Apollo integration was 
done here at Msfc and that did not turn out so bad. The philosophy of
Reston is totally wrong Allen. There you have a bunch of people who are
completely removed from the work that they are trying to oversee. There
is no way that will ever work. It has never worked in any large scale project
that it was ever tried on. Could you imagine a Reston like set up for 
Apollo?


Oh you are full of it Allen on this one. I agree that JSC screwed up big.
They should be responsible for that screw up and the people that caused it
replaced. To make a stupid statement like that just shows how deep your
bias goes. Come to MSFC for a couple of weeks and you will find out just
how wrong you really are. Maybe not, people like you believe exactly what
they want to believe no matter  what the facts are contrary to it. 


I agree that integration is the single most important part of a  successful
large scale effort. What I completly disagree with is seperating that
integration function from  the people that are doing the work. It is called
leadership Allen. That is what made Apollo work. Final responsibility for
the success of Apollo was held by less than 50 people. That is leadership
and responsibility. There is neither when you have any organization set up
as Reston is. You could take the same people and move them to JSC or MSFC
and they could do a much better job. Why did it take a year for Reston to
finally say something about the problem? If they were on site and part of the
process then the problem would have never gotten out of hand in the first place.

There is one heck of a lot I do not know Allen, but one thing I do know is that
for a project to be successful you must have leadership. I remember all of the
turn over at Reston that kept SSF program in shambles for years do you? It is
lack of responsibility and leadership that is the programs problem. Lack of
leadership from the White House, Congress and at Reston. Nasa is only a
symptom of a greater national problem. You are so narrowly focused in your
efforts that you do not see this.


No, I am saying that if they were located at JSC it never would have 
happened in the first place.

I have the time to reitereate one more timet that if the leadership that is
at reston was on site at JSC the problem never would have happened, totally
ignoring the lack of leadership of congress. This many headed hydra that
has grown up at NASA is the true problem of the Agency and to try to 
change the question to suit you and your bias is only indicative of
your position.

But the Question was later revealed to be:  What is 9 x 6?  (In the
base 13 system, of course.)


Here's how I talk to non-Christians who are complaining about Hell.

ME:	"Do you believe you're going to Heaven?"
HIM:	"I don't believe in Heaven."
ME:	"So are you going there?"
HIM:	"If there was a heaven, I would."
ME:	"But since there isn't a Heaven, you're not going there, are you?"
HIM:	"No."

  The point is that Heaven is based on faith--if you don't believe in heaven,
there's no way you're going to be in it.
  Of course, the next step is, "I don't believe in Hell either, so why will I
be there?"  It seems to me that Hell is eternal death and seperation from God.
Most atheists do believe that when they die they will die forever, and never
see God--so they do, in fact, believe that they're going to Hell.
  Hell doesn't have to be worse than earth to be Hell--because it's eternal, 
and it's a lot worse than Heaven.  That's the only comparison that matters.
: >over where it places its temp files: it just places them in its
: >"current directory".

: I have to beg to differ on this point, as the batch file I use
: to launch cview cd's to the dir where cview resides and then
: invokes it.  every time I crash cview, the 0-byte temp file
: is found in the root dir of the drive cview is on.

This is what I posted that cview uses the root directory of the drive
cview is on.  However, since It has so much trouble reading large files
from floppy, I suspect that it uses the root directory of the drive the
image files are on.
 > 
 > 
 > SOmebody mentioned  a re-boost of HST during this mission,  meaning
 > that Weight is a very tight  margin on this  mission.
 >  

I haven't heard any hint of a re-boost, or that any is needed.

 > 
 > why not  grapple,  do all said fixes,   bolt a small  liquid  fueled
 > thruster module  to  HST,   then let it make the re-boost.  it has to be
 > cheaper on mass then usingthe shuttle as a tug.   

Nasty, dirty combustion products!  People have gone to monumental efforts to
keep HST clean.  We certainly aren't going to bolt any thrusters to it.


If this is God's attitude, then I'll think I'll go along with
Terry Pratchett's religious philosophy:

"Oh, I believe in God. I just don't actually _like_ the blighter."

P.
Are there significant differences between V2.01 and V2.00 ?
Thank you for helping

Marc.
 A cash award is OK. A time limit would be nice. You can't give away
mining rights (assuming there's anything to mine) because you don't own
them.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 .sig files are like strings ... every yo-yo's got one.


I beg to disagree with the assertion that science is a collection of models.
Scientific models are a game to play, and are only as good as the
assumptions and measurements (if any) that go into them.

As an example, I remember when nuclear winter was the big hype in
atmospheric science.  It wasn't long after Sagan's admonitions that
one of our boys was adding another level of reality into his model of
the nuclear winter scenario at ERL in Boulder.  He decided to assume
that the atmosphere is more like a two-dimensional thing, than a one-
dimensional thing.  He also assumed that it rained and that the winds
blow in the real atmosphere.  On returning to Georgia Tech, he showed
a transparency of atmospheric cooling rates according to the year they
were generated by the models.  There was an unmistakable correlation
between the age (meaning simplicity of assumptions; i.e., remoteness
from reality) of each model and the degree of cooling.  Whereas Sagan's
model showed an approximate 40-degree cooling episode, the next model 
in sophistication showed about half that, and so on until we got to
our boy's model, which showed a 1-2 degree drop if the war happened in
the winter and less than a 10 degree drop if it happened in the summer.
He predicted that when we would include the presence of oceans, chemistry,
the biosphere, and other indicators of reality in the models, we would
probably see even less cooling.  Thus nuclear winter was reduced to even
less than a nuclear autumn, one might say, to a nuclear fizzle.

To quote from H.S. Yoder,

	The postulated models have become accepted as the reality
	instead of the lattice of assumptions they are.
	Authoritarianism dominates the field, and a very critical
	analysis of each argument is to be encouraged.... Skepticism
	of the model approach to earth problems is warranted because
	many key parameters have not been included.

This statement surely applies equally well to cosmogony.  Only when
convincing observational evidence substantiates the modeled results
may one suggest that the model may describe the reality.  Just thought
I'd clear that up before things really got out of hand. 
 
-- 
boundary

No.  There are two problems here:

(1) Peter died two millenia ago.  The original letters he wrote have
long since decayed into dust.  If he were alive today and I could
question him, then this might lend credibility to your claims (but
probably not much, because after all, I've heard people claim with all
sincerity that they've spoken with Elvis recently).  But after his
death, Peter's writings were transcribed by monks for centuries, and I
find it hard to believe that one of them somewhere didn't decide to
change the wording of something to make it (in his opinion) a little
easier to understand.

(2) Even if Peter did witness the miracles of Jesus two millenia ago,
that doesn't mean that your deity is what the Bible says it is (God
might just be Satan, trying to convince everyone that he's a nice
guy), or even that your deity is still alive and active in the world
today.

Nice try, but it just isn't enough to convince me, especially since
your wild claims about your deity seem to fly in the face of the way
I've observed the world to work.  Please find something more compelling.

According to a Software engineering professor here, what was actually rated
level five was an ibm unit which produced part of the software for the shuttle,
by not means all of it. 

Interesting note: 90% of the software development groups surveyed were at
level 1. The ibm shuttle groups was the *only* one at level 5!

Archive-name: space/constants
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:04 $

CONSTANTS AND EQUATIONS FOR CALCULATIONS

    This list was originally compiled by Dale Greer. Additions would be
    appreciated.

    Numbers in parentheses are approximations that will serve for most
    blue-skying purposes.

    Unix systems provide the 'units' program, useful in converting
    between different systems (metric/English, etc.)

    NUMBERS

	7726 m/s	 (8000)  -- Earth orbital velocity at 300 km altitude
	3075 m/s	 (3000)  -- Earth orbital velocity at 35786 km (geosync)
	6371 km		 (6400)  -- Mean radius of Earth
	6378 km		 (6400)  -- Equatorial radius of Earth
	1738 km		 (1700)  -- Mean radius of Moon
	5.974e24 kg	 (6e24)  -- Mass of Earth
	7.348e22 kg	 (7e22)  -- Mass of Moon
	1.989e30 kg	 (2e30)  -- Mass of Sun
	3.986e14 m^3/s^2 (4e14)  -- Gravitational constant times mass of Earth
	4.903e12 m^3/s^2 (5e12)  -- Gravitational constant times mass of Moon
	1.327e20 m^3/s^2 (13e19) -- Gravitational constant times mass of Sun
	384401 km	 ( 4e5)  -- Mean Earth-Moon distance
	1.496e11 m	 (15e10) -- Mean Earth-Sun distance (Astronomical Unit)

	1 megaton (MT) TNT = about 4.2e15 J or the energy equivalent of
	about .05 kg (50 gm) of matter. Ref: J.R Williams, "The Energy Level
	of Things", Air Force Special Weapons Center (ARDC), Kirtland Air
	Force Base, New Mexico, 1963. Also see "The Effects of Nuclear
	Weapons", compiled by S. Glasstone and P.J. Dolan, published by the
	US Department of Defense (obtain from the GPO).

    EQUATIONS

	Where d is distance, v is velocity, a is acceleration, t is time.
	Additional more specialized equations are available from:

	    ames.arc.nasa.gov:pub/SPACE/FAQ/MoreEquations


	For constant acceleration
	    d = d0 + vt + .5at^2
	    v = v0 + at
	  v^2 = 2ad

	Acceleration on a cylinder (space colony, etc.) of radius r and
	    rotation period t:

	    a = 4 pi**2 r / t^2

	For circular Keplerian orbits where:
	    Vc	 = velocity of a circular orbit
	    Vesc = escape velocity
	    M	 = Total mass of orbiting and orbited bodies
	    G	 = Gravitational constant (defined below)
	    u	 = G * M (can be measured much more accurately than G or M)
	    K	 = -G * M / 2 / a
	    r	 = radius of orbit (measured from center of mass of system)
	    V	 = orbital velocity
	    P	 = orbital period
	    a	 = semimajor axis of orbit

	    Vc	 = sqrt(M * G / r)
	    Vesc = sqrt(2 * M * G / r) = sqrt(2) * Vc
	    V^2  = u/a
	    P	 = 2 pi/(Sqrt(u/a^3))
	    K	 = 1/2 V**2 - G * M / r (conservation of energy)

	    The period of an eccentric orbit is the same as the period
	       of a circular orbit with the same semi-major axis.

	Change in velocity required for a plane change of angle phi in a
	circular orbit:

	    delta V = 2 sqrt(GM/r) sin (phi/2)

	Energy to put mass m into a circular orbit (ignores rotational
	velocity, which reduces the energy a bit).

	    GMm (1/Re - 1/2Rcirc)
	    Re = radius of the earth
	    Rcirc = radius of the circular orbit.

	Classical rocket equation, where
	    dv	= change in velocity
	    Isp = specific impulse of engine
	    Ve	= exhaust velocity
	    x	= reaction mass
	    m1	= rocket mass excluding reaction mass
	    g	= 9.80665 m / s^2

	    Ve	= Isp * g
	    dv	= Ve * ln((m1 + x) / m1)
		= Ve * ln((final mass) / (initial mass))

	Relativistic rocket equation (constant acceleration)

	    t (unaccelerated) = c/a * sinh(a*t/c)
	    d = c**2/a * (cosh(a*t/c) - 1)
	    v = c * tanh(a*t/c)

	Relativistic rocket with exhaust velocity Ve and mass ratio MR:

	    at/c = Ve/c * ln(MR), or

	    t (unaccelerated) = c/a * sinh(Ve/c * ln(MR))
	    d = c**2/a * (cosh(Ve/C * ln(MR)) - 1)
	    v = c * tanh(Ve/C * ln(MR))

	Converting from parallax to distance:

	    d (in parsecs) = 1 / p (in arc seconds)
	    d (in astronomical units) = 206265 / p

	Miscellaneous
	    f=ma    -- Force is mass times acceleration
	    w=fd    -- Work (energy) is force times distance

	Atmospheric density varies as exp(-mgz/kT) where z is altitude, m is
	molecular weight in kg of air, g is local acceleration of gravity, T
	is temperature, k is Bolztmann's constant. On Earth up to 100 km,

	    d = d0*exp(-z*1.42e-4)

	where d is density, d0 is density at 0km, is approximately true, so

	    d@12km (40000 ft) = d0*.18
	    d@9 km (30000 ft) = d0*.27
	    d@6 km (20000 ft) = d0*.43
	    d@3 km (10000 ft) = d0*.65

		    Atmospheric scale height	Dry lapse rate
		    (in km at emission level)	 (K/km)
		    -------------------------	--------------
	    Earth	    7.5			    9.8
	    Mars	    11			    4.4
	    Venus	    4.9			    10.5
	    Titan	    18			    1.3
	    Jupiter	    19			    2.0
	    Saturn	    37			    0.7
	    Uranus	    24			    0.7
	    Neptune	    21			    0.8
	    Triton	    8			    1

	Titius-Bode Law for approximating planetary distances:

	    R(n) = 0.4 + 0.3 * 2^N Astronomical Units (N = -infinity for
	    Mercury, 0 for Venus, 1 for Earth, etc.)

	    This fits fairly well except for Neptune.

    CONSTANTS

	6.62618e-34 J-s  (7e-34) -- Planck's Constant "h"
	1.054589e-34 J-s (1e-34) -- Planck's Constant / (2 * PI), "h bar"
	1.3807e-23 J/K	(1.4e-23) - Boltzmann's Constant "k"
	5.6697e-8 W/m^2/K (6e-8) -- Stephan-Boltzmann Constant "sigma"
    6.673e-11 N m^2/kg^2 (7e-11) -- Newton's Gravitational Constant "G"
	0.0029 m K	 (3e-3)  -- Wien's Constant "sigma(W)"
	3.827e26 W	 (4e26)  -- Luminosity of Sun
	1370 W / m^2	 (1400)  -- Solar Constant (intensity at 1 AU)
	6.96e8 m	 (7e8)	 -- radius of Sun
	1738 km		 (2e3)	 -- radius of Moon
	299792458 m/s	  (3e8)  -- speed of light in vacuum "c"
	9.46053e15 m	  (1e16) -- light year
	206264.806 AU	  (2e5)  -- \
	3.2616 light years (3)	 --  --> parsec
	3.0856e16 m	 (3e16)  -- /


Black Hole radius (also called Schwarzschild Radius):

	2GM/c^2, where G is Newton's Grav Constant, M is mass of BH,
		c is speed of light

    Things to add (somebody look them up!)
	Basic rocketry numbers & equations
	Aerodynamical stuff
	Energy to put a pound into orbit or accelerate to interstellar
	    velocities.
	Non-circular cases?


   On Palm Sunday at our parish, we were "invited" to take the role of
Jesus in the Passion.  I declined to participate.  Last year at the
liturgy meeting I pointed out how we crucify Christ by our sins, so
therefore it is appropriate that we retain the role of the crowd, but
to no avail.


   As a member of a liturgy committee, I can tell you that the problem
is certain people dominating, who want to try out all kinds of
innovations.  The priests don't seem even to _want_ to make any
decisions of their own in many cases.  I guess it's easier to "try
something new" than it is to refuse to allow it.

   At our parish on Holy Thursday, instead of the priests washing feet
("Who wants to get around people's feet," according to one of our
priests) the congregation was "invited" to come up and help wash one
another's hands.

   The symbolism of this action distressed me, and again I refused to
participate.  I thought that if we were to have to come up with
rubrics for this liturgical action (i.e. "Body of Christ" -- "Amen"
for receiving Communion), that they could be "I am not responsible for
the blood of this man."

   Also for part of the Eucharistic Prayer ("Blessed are You, God of
all creation...") was substituted some text read by a lay couple.  The
priest certainly should not have given this part of the Mass over to
others, and I was so disturbed that I declined to receive Communion
that night (we aren't required to anyway -- I instead offered up
prayers for our priests and parish).


   The quality of the Mass has not changed.  Again, if it were to be
celebrated according to the rubrics set down by the Church, it would
still be "liturgically" beautiful.  The problem comes about from
people trying to be "creative" who are not.

   I think the answer to your question on participation could be that
given by Father Peter Stravinskas in answer to the question posed by
the title of Thomas Day's _Why Catholics Can't Sing_.  "They don't
want to" because of all this nonsense.

   By the way, for any non-Catholics reading this, the problem does
not reflect bad liturgy by the Catholic Church, but by those who are
disobedient to the Church in changing it on their own "authority."


Which listsev was this and is the discussion still current?  My questioning
is based on some information presented from the Essene NT that challenges
some of my eating choices.  As the info came from a biased (opposed to my
preferences) third party I am looking for info as to whether I should
dismiss this work or put some consideration into it.  Thanks again for info!

The analogy does not depend on the premisses being true, because the 
question under discussion is not truth but arrogance. 

A similar analogy might be a medical doctor who believes that a blood 
transfusion is necessary to save the life of a child whose parents are 
Jehovah's Witnesses and so have conscientious objections to blood 
transfusion. The doctor's efforts to persuade them to agree to a blood 
transfusion could be perceived to be arrogant in precisely the same way as 
Christians could be perceived to be arrogant.

The truth or otherwise of the belief that a blood transfusion is necessary 
to save the life of the child is irrelevant here. What matters is that the 
doctor BELIEVES it to be true, and could be seen to be trying to foce his 
beliefs on the parents, and this could well be perceived as arrogance.


I see . . . you're not running Ultrix!

	:-)

				- - Steve


This subject seems to be incredibly inflammatory.  Those who subscribe to
_Biblical Archaeology Review_ will remember a spectacular letter battle set off when someone
complained about a Franklin Mint ad.  (_BAR_ is a great magazine, but the
contrast between the rather scholarly articles and the incredibly sleazy ads
is extreme.)  In this ad, they were hawking a doll with a head based on the
famous bust of Nefertiti, giving the face a typical doll-pink complexion.
The letter complained about this as a misrepresentation on the grounds that
Nefertiti was "a beautiful black queen."  This set off an exchange of
hotheaded letters than ran for several issues, to the point where they had
an article from an Egyptologist titled "Was Cleopatra Black?"  (The answer
to the title is "no"-- she was greek.)

I have to say that I hear a hysterical note in much of the complaining.  I
personally have seen only one blond-haired Jesus (in the National Shrine in
Wash. DC), and I found it very jarring.  Western representations vary
enourmously, but in general the image of is of a youngish male with dark
hair and beard, of a sort that can be found (modulo the nose) all up and
down the Mediterranean.

(Also, if what I remember is correct, the "Black Madonna" doesn't represent
a person with negroid features.  It is black because of an accident.  Joe
Buehler....?)

In the presence of all those marble statues, one is prone to forget that
greeks are rather likely to have black hair.  When one crosses the bosporus,
the situation breaks down completely.  Are Turks white?  How about Persians,
or various groups in the indian subcontinent?  Was Gandhi white?  How about
the Arabs?  Or picture Nassar and Sadat standing side by side.  And then
there are the Ethiopians....

Those of a white racist bent are not likely to say that *any* of these
people are "white" (i.e., of the racist's "race").  If I may risk a
potentially inflammatory remark, one undercurrent of this seems to be the
identification of modern jews as members of the oppressor race.  Considering
the extreme dicotomy between medieval religion on the one hand and medieval
antisemitism on the other, I don't think that this "Jesus was white" thesis
ever played the roles that some hold it did.

Representations of Jesus as black or korean or whatever are fine.  It seems
awfully self-serving to insist that Jesus belongs to one's own racial group.





Didn't one of the early jet fighters have these?
I also think the germans did some work on these in WWII.


A lot of this was also done by the military...


Weren't the first microwave landing systems from WWII too?


Egad! I'm disagreeing with Mary Shafer!
Sorry for asking a question that's not entirely based on the
technical aspects of space, but I couldn't find the
answer on the FAQs !

I'm currently in the UK, which makes seeing a Space Shuttle
launch a little difficult.....

However, I have been selected to be an exchange student
at Louisiana State Uni. from August, and I am absolutely
determined to get to see a Space Shuttle launch sometime
during the year at which I will be in America.

I hear there's a bit of a long mailing list, so if someone
can tell me how to get tickets and where to get them from, then
please E-mail me !

Thanks very much for your patience....

(And if anyone else wants to know, tell me and I'll summarize
for you - just to save all those poor people who have to
pay for their links !)



[Stuff deleted] 


I'm glad to see that someone is working on this.  However, it would be nice if
he got his units right.


	I just got my advance program and the "card in the back" is for the
	Exhibits Plus program -- the exhibits plus admission to a number of
	conference venues, including a special general session, "Behind the
	Scenes: Computer Graphics in Film."  Admission is not free, but is a
	nominal $30 (exhibits are open August 3 -- 5).

	To get a copy of the advance program, you can call 312-321-6830; the
	advance program itself is a good indication of the excitement of the
	conference!


	Sorry -- doesn't work this year!

  >I recently have become aware that my health insurance includes
  >coverage for abortion.  I strongly oppose abortion for reasons of
  >conscience.  It disturbs me deeply to know that my premiums may
  >be being used to pay for that which I sincerely believe is
  >murder.  I would like to request that I be exempted from abortion
  >coverage with my health premiums reduced accordingly.

I share Dennis's outrage over a similar manner.  I have recently become aware
that my health insurance includes coverage for illness and injuries
suffered by Christians.  It disturbs me deeply to know that my premiums
may be used to pay for that which I sincerely believe is divine
punishment for their sinful conduct.  In addition these folks are able to
avail themselves of such alternative therapies as Lourdes, Fatima,
Morris Cerullo, Benny Hinn, etc.  In any case as "Jesus Saves' I feel
that there is no reason for them to be covering their bets at my
expense.  I would like to request that I be exempted from Christian
coverage with my health premiums reduced accordingly.



I understand there have been a couple of raves in LA billing themselves as
"Virtual Reality" parties. What I hear they do is project .GIF images around
on the walls, as well as run animations through a Newtek Toaster.

Seems like we need to adopt the term Really Virtual Reality or something, except
for the non-immersive stuff which is Virtually Really Virtual Reality.


etc.




___Samuel___
-------------------------------------
	+ ............The OTIS Project '93  +      
	+ "The Operative Term Is STIMULATE" + 
	-------------------------------------
	---this file last updated..4-21-93---


WHAT IS OTIS?

OTIS is here for the purpose of distributing original artwork
and photographs over the network for public perusal, scrutiny,    
and distribution.  Digital immortality.

The basic idea behind "digital immortality" is that computer networks   
are here to stay and that anything interesting you deposit on them
will be around near-forever.  The GIFs and JPGs of today will be the
artifacts of a digital future.  Perhaps they'll be put in different
formats, perhaps only surviving on backup tapes....but they'll be
there...and someone will dig them up.  
 
If that doesn't interest you... OTIS also offers a forum for critique
and exhibition of your works....a virtual art gallery that never closes
and exists in an information dimension where your submissions will hang
as wallpaper on thousands of glowing monitors.  Suddenly, life is 
breathed into your work...and by merit of it's stimulus, it will 
travel the globe on pulses of light and electrons.
 
Spectators are welcome also, feel free to browse the gallery and 
let the artists know what you think of their efforts.  Keep your own
copies of the images to look at when you've got the gumption...
that's what they're here for.

---------------------------------------------------------------

WHERE?             

OTIS currently (as of 4/21/93) has two FTP sites.  
 
 	141.214.4.135 (projects/otis), the UWI site
		
	sunsite.unc.edu (/pub/multimedia/pictures/OTIS), the SUNsite 
	(you can also GOPHER to this site for OTIS as well)

Merely "anonymous FTP" to either site on Internet and change to the
appropriate directory.  Don't forget to get busy and use the "bin"
command to make sure you're in binary.

OTIS has also been spreading to some dial-up BBS systems around North
America....the following systems have a substancial supply of
OTIStuff...
	Underground Cafe (Omaha) (402.339.0179) 2 lines
	CyberDen (SanFran?) (415.472.5527)  Usenet Waffle-iron

--------------------------------------------------------------
 
HOW DO YOU CONTRIBUTE?
              
What happens is...you draw a pretty picture or take a lovely   
photo, get it scanned into an image file, then either FTP-put
it in the CONTRIB/Incoming directory or use UUENCODE to send it to me
(email addresses at eof) in email.  After the image is received,
it will be put into the correct directory.  Computer originated works
are also welcome.

OTIS' directories house two types of image files, GIF and JPG.  
GIF and JPG files require, oddly enough, a GIF or JPG viewer to 
see.  These viewers are available for all types of computers at 
most large FTP sites around Internet.  JPG viewers are a bit
tougher to find.  If you can't find one, but do have a GIF viewer,  
you can obtain a JPG-to-GIF conversion program which will change    
JPG files to a standard GIF format. 

OTIS also accepts animation files.      

When you submit image files, please send me email at the same time
stating information about what you uploaded and whether it is to be
used (in publications or other projects) or if it is merely for people
to view.  Also, include some biographical information on yourself, we'll
be having info-files on each contributing artist and their works.  You 
can also just upload a text-file of info about yourself (instead of 
emailing).

If you have pictures, but no scanner, there is hope.  Merely send
copies to:

The OTIS Project
c/o Ed Stastny
PO BX 241113
Omaha, NE 68124-1113

I will either scan them myself or get them to someone who will  
scan them.  Include an ample SASE if you want your stuff back.  
Also include information on each image, preferably a 1-3 line 
description of the image that we can include in the infofile in the
directory where it's finally put.  If you have preferences as to what
the images are to be named, include those as well.  
 
Conversely, if you have a scanner and would like to help out, please
contact me and we'll arrange things.

If you want to submit your works by disk, peachy.  Merely send a 3.5"
disk to the above address (Omaha) and a SASE if you want your disk back.
This is good for people who don't have direct access to encoders or FTP,
but do have access to a scanner.  We accept disks in either Mac or IBM
compatible format.  If possible, please submit image files as GIF or
JPG.  If you can't...we can convert from most formats...we'd just rather
not have to.

At senders request, we can also fill disks with as much OTIS as they
can stand.  Even if you don't have stuff to contribute, you can send
a blank disk and an SASE (or $2.50 for disk, postage and packing) to 
get a slab-o-OTIS.

As of 04/21/93, we're at about 18 megabytes of files, and growing.  
Email me for current archive size and directory.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

DISTRIBUTION?

The images distributed by the OTIS project may be distributed freely   
on the condition that the original filename is kept and that it is
not altered in any way (save to convert from one image format to
another).  In fact, we encourage files to be distributed to local 
bulletin boards and such.  If you could, please transport the
appropriate text files along with the images.  
 
It would also be nice if you'd send me a note when you did post images
from OTIS to your local bbs.  I just want to keep track of them so
participants can have some idea how widespread their stuff is.

It's the purpose of OTIS to get these images spread out as much as
possible.  If you have the time, please upload a few to your favorite
BBS system....or even just post this "info-file" there.  It would be
keen of you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

USE?

If you want to use any of the works you find on the OTIS directory,
you'll have to check to see if permission has been granted and the 
stipulations of the permission (such as free copy of publication, or
full address credit).  You will either find this in the ".rm" file for    
the image or series of images...or in the "Artists" directory under the 
Artists name.  If permission isn't explicitly given, then you'll have 
to contact the artist to ask for it.  If no info is available, email
me (ed@cwis.unomaha.edu), and I'll get in contact with the artist for 
you, or give you their contact information.
 
When you DO use permitted work, it's always courteous to let the artist
know about it, perhaps even send them a free copy or some such
compensation for their files.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

NAMING IMAGES?

Please keep the names of your files in "dos" format.  That means, keep
the filename (before .jpg or .gif) to eight characters or less.  The way
I usually do it is to use the initials of the artist, plus a three or
four digit "code" for the series of images, plus the series number.
Thus, Leonardo DeVinci's fifth mechanical drawing would be something
like:
 
	ldmek5.gif     OR    ldmek5.jpg    OR    ldmech5.gif   ETC

Keeping the names under 8 characters assures that the filename will
remain intact on all systems.  


---------------------------------------------------------------------- 

CREATING IMAGE FILES?

When creating image files, be sure to at least include your name
somewhere on or below the picture.  This gives people a reference in
case they'd like to contact you.  You may also want to include a title,
address or other information you'd like people to know.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

HMMM?!

That's about it for now.  More "guidelines" will be added as needed.
Your input is expected.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DISCLAIMER:  The OTIS Project has no connection to the Church of OTIS  
 	     (a sumerian deity) or it's followers, be they pope, priest,
	     or ezine administrator.  We do take sacrifices and donations
	     however.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DISCLAIMER:  The OTIS Project is here for the distribution of original 
 	     image files.  The files will go to the public at large.  
	     It's possible, as with any form of mass-media, that someone
	     could unscrupulously use your images for financial gain.  
    	     Unless you've given permission for that, it's illegal.  OTIS
	     takes no responsibility for this.  In simple terms, all rights
	     revert to the author/artist.  To leave an image on OTIS is to 
	     give permission for it to be viewed, copied and distributed 
	     electronically.  If you don't want your images distributed     
	     all-over, don't upload them.  To leave an image on OTIS is
	     NOT giving permission to have it used in any publication or
	     broadcast that incurs profit (this includes, but is not 
	     limited to, magazines, newsletters, clip-art software,        
	     screen-printed clothing, etc).  You must give specific
	     permission for this sort of usage.  

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Remember, the operative term is "stimulate".  If you know of people
that'd be interested in this sort of thing...get them involved...kick'm
in the booty....offer them free food...whatever...

....e  (ed@cwis.unomaha.edu)
       (ed@sunsite.unc.edu)




I sure did use version 3.2. It works fine with most software but NOT
with Animator Pro and that one is quite important to me. Pretty
useless program without that thing working IMHO.
So I hope the author can fix that.

/Daniel...



Other idea for old space crafts is as navigation beacons and such..
Why not?? If you can put them on "safe" "pause" mode.. why not have them be
activated by a signal from a space craft (manned?) to act as a naviagtion
beacon, to take a directional plot on??


Oops! Quite right. I got so busy that I saved Frank's last post back then,
intending to respond when I could, and I sort of forgot. I'll try to do it
soon if anyone's still interested, and probably even if they're not.


Well, yes, maybe I am. I'm trying to have people buy and take on my opinions,
thus causing said opinions to spread in time-honoured memetic virus mode until
the world is a veritable paradise. So how about it, folks? As they say over
here, You Know It Makes Sense.


Cheers

Simon


The argument for Luke's genealogy being that of Mary is very weak. According
to Luke 3:23

   And when he began his ministry, Jesus himself was about 
   thirty years of age, being supposedly the son of Joseph,
   the son of Eli,

Aside from the fact that Mary is not mentioned, there are two possible
interpretations: either Joseph was her father or he was her brother.
Clearly this is not acceptable.  A third would be that Joseph, the son
of Eli, was her Father and just happened to have the name as the man
to whom she was betrothed. But that would seem to be grasping at
straws. The most straightforward interpretation is that Luke had no
intention of tracing Mary's genealogy (in which case he would have
named her) but that he traces her husband's, from David's son Nathan.

The Matthew descendant list most definitely traces down from David's
son, Solomon, to Joseph.  Matthew 1:16 reads:

   And to Jacob was born Joseph, the husband of Mary, by whom was born
   Jesus, who is called Christ. 

There are two apparent problems.  The first is, how to reconcile the
two paternal genealogies - which diverge with the sons of David,
Solomon and Nathan.  The second is, why is any genealogy of Joseph
relavent at all, if Joseph had nothing to do with it.  If Joseph was
not Jesus's physical father, then the original poster is quite
correct, that claims for Jesus's messianic heritage are not based on
truth but only on appearances, whatever Jesus's divine nature was.

The second problem is easy, in my mind.  We assume that Joseph was not
involved in the conception of Jesus in any way.  However, a Holy
Spirit capable of working a physical conception in Mary is also
capable of employing the physical agency of Joseph's seed in this
work.  In our materialistic times we interpret viginity and its loss
solely in terms of a physical act, whereas it is really a matter of
purity on a much higher level as well.  The important thing is that
neither Mary nor Joseph was conscious of any union between them (they
had not "known"each other).  Thus the first gospel's dedication of
half its opening chapter to the genealogy of Joseph is quite relevant
to Jesus, the Virgin birth not- withstanding.

To the first question there is an answer that creates, to begin with, more
problems than it resolves.  It is that the two evangelists are relating 
the births of two entirely different children of two entirely different
sets of parents.  Except for the names of the parents and the child, and 
the birthplace in Bethlehem there is no point in common between the two 
stories.  Matthew and Luke converge in their accounts only thirty years
later with the Baptism of Jesus in Jordan.  Rudolf Steiner offered his
explanation of how these accounts begin with two children and then converge
with their accounts of the one Jesus of Nazareth.  He did not derive his
resolution from biblical study or speculation, or from other external
documents, and the discussion of "how this could be" might bring us beyond
the limits of appropriateness for this newsgroup.  In any case, the
details are described in Steiner's "The Spiritual Guidance of the Human 
Being and of Humanity", "The Gospel of St. Luke", and "The Gospel of St.
Matthew". 

Whether or not Rudolf Steiner's methods and explanation are accepted
as valid, at least this interpretation resolves the apparent
contradictions of the two genealogies while leaving the text intact.

As for the passing of one's Jewishness through the mother, this was
never an issue with Jesus. No one ever questioned his or Mary's
Jewishness.  The issue of the genealogies has to do with his paternal
line of descent from David, the king.
Hi all,
I am looking into methods I can use to turn my Linux based BBS into a full color
Graphical BBS that supports PC, Mac, Linux, and Amiga callers. 
Originally I was inspired by the NAPLPS graphics standard (a summary of 
which hit this group about 2 weeks ago). 
Following up on software availability of NAPLPS supporting software I find
that most terminal programs are commercial the only resonable shareware one being
PP3 which runs soley on MSDOS machines leaving Mac and Amiga users to buy full
commercial software if they want to try out the BBS (I know I wouldn't)

Next most interesting possibility is to port MGR to PC, Mac, Amiga. I know there
is an old version of a Mac port on bellcore.com that doesn't work under System 7
But I can't seem to find the source anywhere to see if I can patch it.

Is there a color version of MGR for Linux? 
I know there was an alpha version of the libs out last year but I misplaced it.

Does anyone on this group know if MGR as been ported to PC or Amiga ?
I can't seem to send a message to the MGR channel without it bouncing.

Does anyone have any other suggestions for a Linux based GUI BBS ?


I was at my parents' Seder and noticed the labelling on one of the 
packages was English, Hebrew and French.  In the phrase "kosher for 
passover" the French word used was "Pa^ques."   We've deliberately 
mistranslated this at the Kulikauskas home and keep referring to foods 
being kosher for Easter. :-)

Back to the original questions in this thread concerning Christians of 
Jewish descent and the Law:  I always wonder when I see posts on this 
subject whether the writers are Christians of Jewish descent relating 
the life-decisions God has led them to or people who take only an 
academic interest in the topic.  (Having known Seanna since she was nine 
years old, I do know in this case.)  I admit that the answer to this 
question affects the amount of weight I give to the writer's statement.



There is a whole constellation of custom built navigation beacon satellites
in the process of being phased out right now. The TRANSIT/OSCAR satellites
are being replaced by GPS. Or were you thinking of deep space navigation,
which is best done with doppler/VLBI/ stellar measurements. I do not think
additional radio beacons would help much.
DROPLET VOL 1, No 11, Part 1

A  D R O P L E T
From The Vast Ocean Of The Miraculous Qur'an

Translations from the Arabic and Turkish Writings of 
Bediuzzaman Said Nursi, The Risale-i Noor

VOL 1, No 11, Part 1
------------------------------------------------------------------


   		 NINETEENTH LETTER  

		 MU'JIZAT-I AHMEDIYE RISALESI 
(A TREATISE ON THE MIRACLES OF MUHAMMAD SAW)       
(SAW: PEACE AND BLESSINGS BE UPON HIM)

In His Name (ALLAH) , Be He (ALLAH) Glorified!
There is Nothing But Glorifies His (ALLAH's) Praise.

In The Name Of  Allah, The Compassionate, The Merciful

   "He is who has sent His Messenger with
guidance and the religion of truth  to make it
supreme over all religion:  and sufficient is Allah
as a Witness.  Muhammad is the Messenger of
Allah, and those who are with him are firm
against the unbelievers and merciful among
each other.  You will see them bowing and
prostrating  themselves, seeking Allah's grace
and His pleasure.  Their mark is on their face
the sing of prostrafion; this is their similitude in
the Torah and Indgil." [the Our'an 48:28-29]

   Since the Nineteenth and Thirhy-first Words
concerning the mission of Muhammad (SAW) prove his
prophethood with decisive evidences, we assign the
verification of that subject to those Words.
   As a supplement to them, we will merely show here
in Nineteen Signs, some  of the flashes of that great
truth.

   FIRST SIGN:  The Owner and Master of this universe
does everything with knowledge, disposes every affair
with wisdom, directs everything all-seeingly, treats
everything all-knowingly, and arranges in everything with
His will and wisdom such causes, purposes and uses that
are apparent to us.  Since the One who creates knows,
surely the One who knows will speak, since He will
speak, surely He will speak to those who have
consciousness, thought, and speech.  Since He will speak
to those who have thought, surely He will speak to
humankind, whose make-up and awareness are more
comprehensive of all conscious beings.  Since He will
speak to humankind, surely He will speak to the most
perfect of mankind and those most worthy of address and
highest in morality, and who are qualified to guide
humanity; then He will certainly speak to Muhammad (SAW), 
who, as friend and foe alike testify, is of the highest 
character and morality, and who is obeyed by one fifth
of humanity, to whose spiritual rule half of the globe has
submitted, with the radiance of whose light has been
illumined the future of mankind for thirteen centuries, to
whom the believers, the luminous segment of humanity,
renew their oath of allegiance five times a day, for
whose happiness and peace they pray, for whom they call
down Allah's blessings and bear admiration and love in
their hearts.

   Certainly, He will speak to Muhammad (SAW),
and Indeed He has done so;  He will make him the
Messenger, and Indeed He has done so; He will make
him the guide for the rest of humanity, and Indeed He
has done so.

This seems to be a simple problem but I just cannot solve it.
I wrote a C program to draw some polygons on the screen, and I want to 
print it on my printer. So, I press "print-screen" on the keyboard.
The problem is the printer just print out some ASCII characters.
Is there any other way to print the screen without using "print-screen"????
Please help!



The Delaunay triangulation is the geometrical dual of the 
Voronoi tessellation and both constructions are derived from
natural neighbor order.

Aurenhammer, F., 1991, Voronoi Diagrams - A Survey of a 
Fundamental Geometric Data Structure:
ACM Computing Surveys, 23(3), p. 345-405. 

Okabe, A., Boots, B., and Sugihara, K., 1992, Spatial 
tessellations : concepts and applications of Voronoi diagrams: 
Wiley & Sons, New York, ISBN 0 471 93430 5, 532p.

Watson, D.F., 1981, Computing the n-dimensional Delaunay 
tessellation with application to Voronoi polytopes: 
The Computer J., 24(2), p. 167-172.}

Watson, D.F., 1985, Natural neighbour sorting: The Australian 
Computer J., 17(4), p. 189-193. 

Hi,
	would someone please email the new AVI file
	format.  I'm sure that many people would 
like to know what it is exactly.

Thank you


Mark Gregory Lecturer m.gregory@rmit.edu.au PH(03)6603243 FAX(03)6621060
Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology,
Department of Communication and Electronic Engineering,
P.O. Box 2476V, Melbourne, Victoria, 3001. AUSTRALIA.
As for SF and advertising in space. There is a romantic episode
in Mead's "The Big Ball of Wax" where the lovers are watching 
the constellation Pepsi Cola rising over the horizon and noting
the some 'stars' had slipped cause the Teamsters were on strike.

This was the inspiration for my article on orbiting a formation
of space mirrors published in Spaceflight in 1986. As the reviews
but is it aesthetically desirable?  These days the only aesthetics
that count are the ones you can count!
Piper lived in my town (Williamsport, PA) when he killed himself.  It
was in the early '60's.  He had had more than a few books published by
that time, but he was down on his luck financially.  Rumor was that he
was hunting urban pigeons with birdshot for food.  He viewed himself as
a resourceful man, and (IMO) decided to check out gracefully if he
couldn't support himself.  The worst part is that John Campbell, the
long-time editor of Astounding/Analog SF magazine had cut a check for
Piper's most recent story, and said check was in the mail.  If Campbell
had known Piper's straits, I'm sure he would have phoned to say hang on.
Campbell was like that.

I wish it had happened differently.  I always enjoyed Piper's stuff.


Too bad they didn't  give him a tour of the CGRO data?

I think he'd be fascinated by the Gamma ray bursters.  The mind of
hawking might even propose a mechanism.


SO what's a drag free satellite?   coated with WD-40?  carries an
aluminum-gold  set of grateful dead albums?   inquiring minds
want to know?

And why would MO  carry any features for being drag free?  I thought
aero-braking was a possible MO  experimental activity?
You keep saying that. I do not think it means what you think it
means.
Perhaps you should explain what you think "science has it's basis
in values" means. The reason why people DO science is that
they value it's results. That does not mean that science has
it's basis in values. Any more than DES stops working if I stop
valuing my privacy.

See above.

-Ekr


"Space Station Redesign Leader Says Cost Goal May Be
Impossible"

Today (4/6) the Washington Post ran an article with the
headline shown above. The article starts with "A leader
of the NASA team in charge of redesigning the planned
space station said yesterday the job is tough and may
be impossible." O'Connor is quoted saying whether it is
possible to cut costs that much and still provide for
meaningful research "is a real question for me."
O'Connor said "everything is fair game," including
"dropping or curtailing existing contracts with the
aerospace industry, chopping management of the space
station program at some NASA facilities around the
country, working closely with the Russian space station
Mir, and using unmanned Titan rockets to supplement the
manned space shuttle fleet."

O'Connor says his team has reviewed 30 design options
so far, and they are sorting the serious candidates
into three categories based on cost.

The Post says O'Connor described the design derived
from the current SSF as a high cost option (I believe
Kathy Sawyer, the Post writer, got confused here. I
listened in on part of O'Connor's briefing to the press
on Monday, and in one part of the briefing O'Connor
talked about how the White House wants three options,
sorted by cost [low, medium, and high]. In another part
of the briefing, he discussed the three teams he has
formed to look at three options [SSF derivative @ LaRC,
modular buildup with Bus-1 @ MSFC, and Single Launch
Core ["wingless Orbiter"] @ JSC. Later, in response to
a reporters question, I thought I heard O'Connor say
the option based on a SSF redesign was a "moderate"
cost option, in between low & high cost options. Not
the "high cost" option as Sawyer wrote).

The article goes on to describe the other two options
as "one features modules that could gradually be fitted
together in orbit, similar to the Russian Mir. The
other is a core facility that could be deposited in
orbit in a single launch, like Skylab. That option
would use existing hardware from the space shuttle -
the fuselage, for example, in its basic structure."
Anybody know of an IGES Viewer for DOS/Windows? I need to be able to display 
ComputerVision IGES files on a PC running Windows 3.1. Thanks in advance.

I agree that there is truth in scripture.  There are principles to be 
learned from it.  Claiming that that truth is absolute, though, seems 
to imply a literal reading of the Bible.  If it were absolute truth 
(constant across time, culture, etc.) then no interpretation would be 
necessary.

It may be that the lessons gleaned from various passages are different 
from person to person.  To me, that doesn't mean that one person is 
right and the other is wrong.  I believe that God transcends our simple 
minds, and that scripture may very well have been crafted with exactly 
this intent.  God knows me, and knows that my needs are different 
from yours or anyone else's.  By claiming that scripture is absolute,
then at least one person in every disputed interpretation must be wrong.
I just don't believe that God is that rigid.


This is where the arrogance comes in to play.  Since these principles 
are crystal clear to evangelicals, maybe the rest of us should just take
their word for it?  Maybe it isn't at all crystal clear to *me* that 
their fundamental principles are either fundamental *or* principles.

I think we've established that figuring out Biblical truth is a matter 
of human interpretation and therefore error-prone.  Yet you can still 
claim that some of them may be crystal clear?  Maybe to a certain 
segment of Christianity, but to all.


Not at all.  I think it supports my position much more effectively 
than yours.  :-)

So, I think that your position is:
The Bible is absolute truth, but as we are prone to error in our 
interpretation, we cannot reliably determine if we have figured out 
what that truth is.
Did I get that right?

What's the point of spending all this time claiming and defending 
absolute truth, when we can never know what those truths are, and we 
can never (or at least shouldn't) act upon them?  What practical 
difference can this make?
Archive-name: jpeg-faq
Last-modified: 18 April 1993

This FAQ article discusses JPEG image compression.  Suggestions for
additions and clarifications are welcome.

New since version of 3 April 1993:
  * New versions of Image Archiver and PMJPEG for OS/2.


This article includes the following sections:

[1]  What is JPEG?
[2]  Why use JPEG?
[3]  When should I use JPEG, and when should I stick with GIF?
[4]  How well does JPEG compress images?
[5]  What are good "quality" settings for JPEG?
[6]  Where can I get JPEG software?
    [6A] "canned" software, viewers, etc.
    [6B] source code
[7]  What's all this hoopla about color quantization?
[8]  How does JPEG work?
[9]  What about lossless JPEG?
[10]  Why all the argument about file formats?
[11]  How do I recognize which file format I have, and what do I do about it?
[12]  What about arithmetic coding?
[13]  Does loss accumulate with repeated compression/decompression?
[14]  What are some rules of thumb for converting GIF images to JPEG?

Sections 1-6 are basic info that every JPEG user needs to know;
sections 7-14 are advanced info for the curious.

This article is posted every 2 weeks.  You can always find the latest version
in the news.answers archive at rtfm.mit.edu (18.172.1.27).  By FTP, fetch
/pub/usenet/news.answers/jpeg-faq; or if you don't have FTP, send e-mail to
mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu with body "send usenet/news.answers/jpeg-faq".
Many other FAQ articles are also stored in this archive.  For more
instructions on use of the archive, send e-mail to the same address with the
words "help" and "index" (no quotes) on separate lines.  If you don't get a
reply, the server may be misreading your return address; add a line such as
"path myname@mysite" to specify your correct e-mail address to reply to.


----------


[1]  What is JPEG?

JPEG (pronounced "jay-peg") is a standardized image compression mechanism.
JPEG stands for Joint Photographic Experts Group, the original name of the
committee that wrote the standard.  JPEG is designed for compressing either
full-color or gray-scale digital images of "natural", real-world scenes.
It does not work so well on non-realistic images, such as cartoons or line
drawings.

JPEG does not handle black-and-white (1-bit-per-pixel) images, nor does it
handle motion picture compression.  Standards for compressing those types
of images are being worked on by other committees, named JBIG and MPEG
respectively.

JPEG is "lossy", meaning that the image you get out of decompression isn't
quite identical to what you originally put in.  The algorithm achieves much
of its compression by exploiting known limitations of the human eye, notably
the fact that small color details aren't perceived as well as small details
of light-and-dark.  Thus, JPEG is intended for compressing images that will
be looked at by humans.  If you plan to machine-analyze your images, the
small errors introduced by JPEG may be a problem for you, even if they are
invisible to the eye.

A useful property of JPEG is that the degree of lossiness can be varied by
adjusting compression parameters.  This means that the image maker can trade
off file size against output image quality.  You can make *extremely* small
files if you don't mind poor quality; this is useful for indexing image
archives, making thumbnail views or icons, etc. etc.  Conversely, if you
aren't happy with the output quality at the default compression setting, you
can jack up the quality until you are satisfied, and accept lesser compression.


[2]  Why use JPEG?

There are two good reasons: to make your image files smaller, and to store
24-bit-per-pixel color data instead of 8-bit-per-pixel data.

Making image files smaller is a big win for transmitting files across
networks and for archiving libraries of images.  Being able to compress a
2 Mbyte full-color file down to 100 Kbytes or so makes a big difference in
disk space and transmission time!  (If you are comparing GIF and JPEG, the
size ratio is more like four to one.  More details below.)

If your viewing software doesn't support JPEG directly, you'll have to
convert JPEG to some other format for viewing or manipulating images.  Even
with a JPEG-capable viewer, it takes longer to decode and view a JPEG image
than to view an image of a simpler format (GIF, for instance).  Thus, using
JPEG is essentially a time/space tradeoff: you give up some time in order to
store or transmit an image more cheaply.

It's worth noting that when network or phone transmission is involved, the
time savings from transferring a shorter file can be much greater than the
extra time to decompress the file.  I'll let you do the arithmetic yourself.

The other reason why JPEG will gradually replace GIF as a standard Usenet
posting format is that JPEG can store full color information: 24 bits/pixel
(16 million colors) instead of 8 or less (256 or fewer colors).  If you have
only 8-bit display hardware then this may not seem like much of an advantage
to you.  Within a couple of years, though, 8-bit GIF will look as obsolete as
black-and-white MacPaint format does today.  Furthermore, for reasons detailed
in section 7, JPEG is far more useful than GIF for exchanging images among
people with widely varying color display hardware.  Hence JPEG is considerably
more appropriate than GIF for use as a Usenet posting standard.


[3]  When should I use JPEG, and when should I stick with GIF?

JPEG is *not* going to displace GIF entirely; for some types of images,
GIF is superior in image quality, file size, or both.  One of the first
things to learn about JPEG is which kinds of images to apply it to.

As a rule of thumb, JPEG is superior to GIF for storing full-color or
gray-scale images of "realistic" scenes; that means scanned photographs and
similar material.  JPEG is superior even if you don't have 24-bit display
hardware, and it is a LOT superior if you do.  (See section 7 for details.)

GIF does significantly better on images with only a few distinct colors,
such as cartoons and line drawings.  In particular, large areas of pixels
that are all *exactly* the same color are compressed very efficiently indeed
by GIF.  JPEG can't squeeze these files as much as GIF does without
introducing visible defects.  This sort of image is best kept in GIF form.
(In particular, single-color borders are quite cheap in GIF files, but they
should be avoided in JPEG files.)

JPEG also has a hard time with very sharp edges: a row of pure-black pixels
adjacent to a row of pure-white pixels, for example.  Sharp edges tend to
come out blurred unless you use a very high quality setting.  Again, this
sort of thing is not found in scanned photographs, but it shows up fairly
often in GIF files: borders, overlaid text, etc.  The blurriness is
particularly objectionable with text that's only a few pixels high.
If you have a GIF with a lot of small-size overlaid text, don't JPEG it.

Computer-drawn images (ray-traced scenes, for instance) usually fall between
scanned images and cartoons in terms of complexity.  The more complex and
subtly rendered the image, the more likely that JPEG will do well on it.
The same goes for semi-realistic artwork (fantasy drawings and such).

Plain black-and-white (two level) images should never be converted to JPEG.
You need at least about 16 gray levels before JPEG is useful for gray-scale
images.  It should also be noted that GIF is lossless for gray-scale images
of up to 256 levels, while JPEG is not.

If you have an existing library of GIF images, you may wonder whether you
should convert them to JPEG.  You will lose a little image quality if you do.
(Section 7, which argues that JPEG image quality is superior to GIF, only
applies if both formats start from a full-color original.  If you start from
a GIF, you've already irretrievably lost a great deal of information; JPEG
can only make things worse.)  However, the disk space savings may justify
converting anyway.  This is a decision you'll have to make for yourself.
If you do convert a GIF library to JPEG, see section 14 for hints.  Be
prepared to leave some images in GIF format, since some GIFs will not
convert well.


[4]  How well does JPEG compress images?

Pretty darn well.  Here are some sample file sizes for an image I have
handy, a 727x525 full-color image of a ship in a harbor.  The first three
files are for comparison purposes; the rest were created with the free JPEG
software described in section 6B.

File	   Size in bytes		Comments

ship.ppm	1145040  Original file in PPM format (no compression; 24 bits
			 or 3 bytes per pixel, plus a few bytes overhead)
ship.ppm.Z	 963829  PPM file passed through Unix compress
			 compress doesn't accomplish a lot, you'll note.
			 Other text-oriented compressors give similar results.
ship.gif	 240438  Converted to GIF with ppmquant -fs 256 | ppmtogif
			 Most of the savings is the result of losing color
			 info: GIF saves 8 bits/pixel, not 24.  (See sec. 7.)

ship.jpg95	 155622  cjpeg -Q 95    (highest useful quality setting)
			 This is indistinguishable from the 24-bit original,
			 at least to my nonprofessional eyeballs.
ship.jpg75	  58009  cjpeg -Q 75    (default setting)
			 You have to look mighty darn close to distinguish this
			 from the original, even with both on-screen at once.
ship.jpg50	  38406  cjpeg -Q 50
			 This has slight defects; if you know what to look
			 for, you could tell it's been JPEGed without seeing
			 the original.  Still as good image quality as many
			 recent postings in Usenet pictures groups.
ship.jpg25	  25192  cjpeg -Q 25
			 JPEG's characteristic "blockiness" becomes apparent
			 at this setting (djpeg -blocksmooth helps some).
			 Still, I've seen plenty of Usenet postings that were
			 of poorer image quality than this.
ship.jpg5o	   6587  cjpeg -Q 5 -optimize  (-optimize cuts table overhead)
			 Blocky, but perfectly satisfactory for preview or
			 indexing purposes.  Note that this file is TINY:
			 the compression ratio from the original is 173:1 !

In this case JPEG can make a file that's a factor of four or five smaller
than a GIF of comparable quality (the -Q 75 file is every bit as good as the
GIF, better if you have a full-color display).  This seems to be a typical
ratio for real-world scenes.


[5]  What are good "quality" settings for JPEG?

Most JPEG compressors let you pick a file size vs. image quality tradeoff by
selecting a quality setting.  There seems to be widespread confusion about
the meaning of these settings.  "Quality 95" does NOT mean "keep 95% of the
information", as some have claimed.  The quality scale is purely arbitrary;
it's not a percentage of anything.

The name of the game in using JPEG is to pick the lowest quality setting
(smallest file size) that decompresses into an image indistinguishable from
the original.  This setting will vary from one image to another and from one
observer to another, but here are some rules of thumb.

The default quality setting (-Q 75) is very often the best choice.  This
setting is about the lowest you can go without expecting to see defects in a
typical image.  Try -Q 75 first; if you see defects, then go up.  Except for
experimental purposes, never go above -Q 95; saying -Q 100 will produce a
file two or three times as large as -Q 95, but of hardly any better quality.

If the image was less than perfect quality to begin with, you might be able to
go down to -Q 50 without objectionable degradation.  On the other hand, you
might need to go to a HIGHER quality setting to avoid further degradation.
The second case seems to apply much of the time when converting GIFs to JPEG.
The default -Q 75 is about right for compressing 24-bit images, but -Q 85 to
95 is usually better for converting GIFs (see section 14 for more info).

If you want a very small file (say for preview or indexing purposes) and are
prepared to tolerate large defects, a -Q setting in the range of 5 to 10 is
about right.  -Q 2 or so may be amusing as "op art".

(Note: the quality settings discussed in this article apply to the free JPEG
software described in section 6B, and to many programs based on it.  Other
JPEG implementations, such as Image Alchemy, may use a completely different
quality scale.  Some programs don't even provide a numeric scale, just
"high"/"medium"/"low"-style choices.)


[6]  Where can I get JPEG software?

Most of the programs described in this section are available by FTP.
If you don't know how to use FTP, see the FAQ article "How to find sources".
(If you don't have direct access to FTP, read about ftpmail servers in the
same article.)  That article appears regularly in news.answers, or you can
get it by sending e-mail to mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu with
"send usenet/news.answers/finding-sources" in the body.  The "Anonymous FTP
List FAQ" may also be helpful --- it's usenet/news.answers/ftp-list/faq in
the news.answers archive.

NOTE: this list changes constantly.  If you have a copy more than a couple
months old, get the latest JPEG FAQ from the news.answers archive.


[6A]  If you are looking for "canned" software, viewers, etc:

The first part of this list is system-specific programs that only run on one
kind of system.  If you don't see what you want for your machine, check out
the portable JPEG software described at the end of the list.  Note that this
list concentrates on free and shareware programs that you can obtain over
Internet; but some commercial programs are listed too.

X Windows:

John Bradley's free XV (version 2.00 and up) is an excellent viewer for JPEG,
GIF, and other image formats.  It's available for FTP from export.lcs.mit.edu
or ftp.cis.upenn.edu.  The file is called 'xv-???.tar.Z' (where ??? is the
version number, currently 2.21); it is located in the 'contrib' directory on
export or the 'pub/xv' directory at upenn.  XV reduces all images to 8 bits
internally, which means it's not a real good choice if you have a 24-bit
display (you'll still get only 8-bit color).  Also, you shouldn't use XV to
convert full-color images to JPEG, because they'll get color-quantized first.
But XV is a fine tool for converting GIF and other 8-bit images to JPEG.
CAUTION: there is a glitch in versions 2.21 and earlier: be sure to check
the "save at normal size" checkbox when saving a JPEG file, or the file will
be blurry.

Another good choice for X Windows is John Cristy's free ImageMagick package,
also available from export.lcs.mit.edu, file contrib/ImageMagick.tar.Z.
This package handles many image processing and conversion tasks.  The
ImageMagick viewer handles 24-bit displays correctly; for colormapped
displays, it does better (though slower) color quantization than XV or the
basic free JPEG software.

Both of the above are large, complex packages.  If you just want a simple
image viewer, try xloadimage or xli.  xloadimage supports JPEG in its latest
release, 3.03.  xloadimage is free and available from export.lcs.mit.edu,
file contrib/xloadimage.3.03.tar.Z.  xli is a variant version of xloadimage,
said by its fans to be somewhat faster and more robust than the original.
(The current xli is indeed faster and more robust than the current
xloadimage, at least with respect to JPEG files, because it has the IJG v4
decoder while xloadimage 3.03 is using a hacked-over v1.  The next
xloadimage release will fix this.)  xli is also free and available from
export.lcs.mit.edu, file contrib/xli.1.14.tar.Z.  Both programs are said
to do the right thing with 24-bit displays.


MS-DOS:

This covers plain DOS; for Windows or OS/2 programs, see the next headings.

One good choice is Eric Praetzel's free DVPEG, which views JPEG and GIF files.
The current version, 2.4a, is available by FTP from sunee.uwaterloo.ca
(129.97.50.50), file pub/jpeg/viewers/dvpeg24a.zip.  This is a good basic
viewer that works on either 286 or 386/486 machines.  The user interface is
not flashy, but it's functional.

Another freeware JPEG/GIF/TGA viewer is Mohammad Rezaei's Hiview.  The
current version, 1.2, is available from Simtel20 and mirror sites (see NOTE
below), file msdos/graphics/hv12.zip.  Hiview requires a 386 or better CPU
and a VCPI-compatible memory manager (QEMM386 and 386MAX work; Windows and
OS/2 do not).  Hiview is currently the fastest viewer for images that are no
bigger than your screen.  For larger images, it scales the image down to fit
on the screen (rather than using panning/scrolling as most viewers do).
You may or may not prefer this approach, but there's no denying that it
slows down loading of large images considerably.  Note: installation is a
bit tricky; read the directions carefully!

A shareware alternative is ColorView for DOS ($30).  This is easier to
install than either of the two freeware alternatives.  Its user interface is
also much spiffier-looking, although personally I find it harder to use ---
more keystrokes, inconsistent behavior.  It is faster than DVPEG but a
little slower than Hiview, at least on my hardware.  (For images larger than
screen size, DVPEG and ColorView seem to be about the same speed, and both
are faster than Hiview.)  The current version is 2.1, available from
Simtel20 and mirror sites (see NOTE below), file msdos/graphics/dcview21.zip.
Requires a VESA graphics driver; if you don't have one, look in vesadrv2.zip
or vesa-tsr.zip from the same directory.  (Many recent PCs have a built-in
VESA driver, so don't try to load a VESA driver unless ColorView complains
that the driver is missing.)

A second shareware alternative is Fullview, which has been kicking around
the net for a while, but I don't know any stable archive location for it.
The current (rather old) version is inferior to the above viewers anyway.
The author tells me that a new version of Fullview will be out shortly
and it will be submitted to the Simtel20 archives at that time.

The well-known GIF viewer CompuShow (CSHOW) supports JPEG in its latest
revision, 8.60a.  However, CSHOW's JPEG implementation isn't very good:
it's slow (about half the speed of the above viewers) and image quality is
poor except on hi-color displays.  Too bad ... it'd have been nice to see a
good JPEG capability in CSHOW.  Shareware, $25.  Available from Simtel20 and
mirror sites (see NOTE below), file msdos/gif/cshw860a.zip.

Due to the remarkable variety of PC graphics hardware, any one of these
viewers might not work on your particular machine.  If you can't get *any*
of them to work, you'll need to use one of the following conversion programs
to convert JPEG to GIF, then view with your favorite GIF viewer.  (If you
have hi-color hardware, don't use GIF as the intermediate format; try to
find a TARGA-capable viewer instead.  VPIC5.0 is reputed to do the right
thing with hi-color displays.)

The Independent JPEG Group's free JPEG converters are FTPable from Simtel20
and mirror sites (see NOTE below), file msdos/graphics/jpeg4.zip (or
jpeg4386.zip if you have a 386 and extended memory).  These files are DOS
compilations of the free source code described in section 6B; they will
convert JPEG to and from GIF, Targa, and PPM formats.

Handmade Software offers free JPEG<=>GIF conversion tools, GIF2JPG/JPG2GIF.
These are slow and are limited to conversion to and from GIF format; in
particular, you can't get 24-bit color output from a JPEG.  The major
advantage of these tools is that they will read and write HSI's proprietary
JPEG format as well as the Usenet-standard JFIF format.  Since HSI-format
files are rather widespread on BBSes, this is a useful capability.  Version
2.0 of these tools is free (prior versions were shareware).  Get it from
Simtel20 and mirror sites (see NOTE below), file msdos/graphics/gif2jpg2.zip.
NOTE: do not use HSI format for files to be posted on Internet, since it is
not readable on non-PC platforms.

Handmade Software also has a shareware image conversion and manipulation
package, Image Alchemy.  This will translate JPEG files (both JFIF and HSI
formats) to and from many other image formats.  It can also display images.
A demo version of Image Alchemy version 1.6.1 is available from Simtel20 and
mirror sites (see NOTE below), file msdos/graphics/alch161.zip.

NOTE ABOUT SIMTEL20: The Internet's key archive site for PC-related programs
is Simtel20, full name wsmr-simtel20.army.mil (192.88.110.20).  Simtel20
runs a non-Unix system with weird directory names; where this document
refers to directory (eg) "msdos/graphics" at Simtel20, that really means
"pd1:<msdos.graphics>".  If you are not physically on MILnet, you should
expect rather slow FTP transfer rates from Simtel20.  There are several
Internet sites that maintain copies (mirrors) of the Simtel20 archives;
most FTP users should go to one of the mirror sites instead.  A popular USA
mirror site is oak.oakland.edu (141.210.10.117), which keeps Simtel20 files
in (eg) "/pub/msdos/graphics".  If you have no FTP capability, you can
retrieve files from Simtel20 by e-mail; see informational postings in
comp.archives.msdos.announce to find out how.  If you are outside the USA,
consult the same newsgroup to learn where your nearest Simtel20 mirror is.

Microsoft Windows:

There are several Windows programs capable of displaying JPEG images.
(Windows viewers are generally slower than DOS viewers on the same hardware,
due to Windows' system overhead.  Note that you can run the DOS conversion
programs described above inside a Windows DOS window.)

The newest entry is WinECJ, which is free and EXTREMELY fast.  Version 1.0
is available from ftp.rahul.net, file /pub/bryanw/pc/jpeg/wecj.zip.
Requires Windows 3.1 and 256-or-more-colors mode.  This is a no-frills
viewer with the bad habit of hogging the machine completely while it
decodes; and the image quality is noticeably worse than other viewers.
But it's so fast you'll use it anyway, at least for previewing...

JView is freeware, fairly fast, has good on-line help, and can write out the
decompressed image in Windows BMP format; but it can't create new JPEG
files, and it doesn't view GIFs.  JView also lacks some other useful
features of the shareware viewers (such as brightness adjustment), but it's
an excellent basic viewer.  The current version, 0.9, is available from
ftp.cica.indiana.edu (129.79.20.84), file pub/pc/win3/desktop/jview090.zip.
(Mirrors of this archive can be found at some other Internet sites,
including wuarchive.wustl.edu.)

WinJPEG (shareware, $20) displays JPEG,GIF,Targa,TIFF, and BMP image files;
it can write all of these formats too, so it can be used as a converter.
It has some other nifty features including color-balance adjustment and
slideshow.  The current version is 2.1, available from Simtel20 and mirror
sites (see NOTE above), file msdos/windows3/winjp210.zip.  (This is a slow
286-compatible version; if you register, you'll get the 386-only version,
which is roughly 25% faster.)

ColorView is another shareware entry ($30).  This was an early and promising
contender, but it has not been updated in some time, and at this point it
has no real advantages over WinJPEG.  If you want to try it anyway, the
current version is 0.97, available from ftp.cica.indiana.edu, file
pub/pc/win3/desktop/cview097.zip.  (I understand that a new version will
be appearing once the authors are finished with ColorView for DOS.)

DVPEG (see DOS heading) also works under Windows, but only in full-screen
mode, not in a window.

OS/2:

The following files are available from hobbes.nmsu.edu (128.123.35.151).
Note: check /pub/uploads for more recent versions --- the hobbes moderator
is not very fast about moving uploads into their permanent directories.
/pub/os2/2.x/graphics/jpegv4.zip
    32-bit version of free IJG conversion programs, version 4.
/pub/os2/all/graphics/jpeg4-16.zip
    16-bit version of same, for OS/2 1.x.
/pub/os2/2.x/graphics/imgarc11.zip
    Image Archiver 1.01: image conversion/viewing with PM graphical interface.
    Strong on conversion functions, viewing is a bit weaker.  Shareware, $15.
/pub/os2/2.x/graphics/pmjpeg11.zip
    PMJPEG 1.1: OS/2 2.x port of WinJPEG, a popular viewer for Windows
    (see description in Windows section).  Shareware, $20.
/pub/os2/2.x/graphics/pmview84.zip
    PMView 0.84: JPEG/GIF/BMP viewer.  GIF viewing very fast, JPEG viewing
    fast if you have huge amounts of RAM, otherwise about the same speed
    as the above programs.  Strong 24-bit display support.  Shareware, $20.

Macintosh:

Most Mac JPEG programs rely on Apple's JPEG implementation, which is part of
the QuickTime system extension; so you need to have QuickTime installed.
To use QuickTime, you need a 68020 or better CPU and you need to be running
System 6.0.7 or later.  (If you're running System 6, you must also install
the 32-bit QuickDraw extension; this is built-in on System 7.)  You can get
QuickTime by FTP from ftp.apple.com, file dts/mac/quicktime/quicktime.hqx.
(As of 11/92, this file contains QuickTime 1.5, which is better than QT 1.0
in several ways.  With respect to JPEG, it is marginally faster and
considerably less prone to crash when fed a corrupt JPEG file.  However,
some applications seem to have compatibility problems with QT 1.5.)

Mac users should keep in mind that QuickTime's JPEG format, PICT/JPEG, is
not the same as the Usenet-standard JFIF JPEG format.  (See section 10 for
details.)  If you post images on Usenet, make sure they are in JFIF format.
Most of the programs mentioned below can generate either format.

The first choice is probably JPEGView, a free program for viewing images
that are in JFIF format, PICT/JPEG format, or GIF format.  It also can
convert between the two JPEG formats.  The current version, 2.0, is a big
improvement over prior versions.  Get it from sumex-aim.stanford.edu
(36.44.0.6), file /info-mac/app/jpeg-view-20.hqx.  Requires System 7 and
QuickTime.  On 8-bit displays, JPEGView usually produces the best color
image quality of all the currently available Mac JPEG viewers.  JPEGView can
view large images in much less memory than other Mac viewers; in fact, it's
the only one that can deal with JPEG images much over 640x480 pixels on a
typical 4MB Mac.  Given a large image, JPEGView automatically scales it down
to fit on the screen, rather than presenting scroll bars like most other
viewers.  (You can zoom in on any desired portion, though.)  Some people
like this behavior, some don't.  Overall, JPEGView's user interface is very
well thought out.

GIFConverter, a shareware ($40) image viewer/converter, supports JFIF and
PICT/JPEG, as well as GIF and several other image formats.  The latest
version is 2.3.2.  Get it from sumex-aim.stanford.edu, file
/info-mac/art/gif/gif-converter-232.hqx.  Requires System 6.0.5 or later.
GIFConverter is not better than JPEGView as a plain JPEG/GIF viewer, but
it has much more extensive image manipulation and format conversion
capabilities, so you may find it worth its shareware fee if you do a lot of
playing around with images.  Also, the newest version of GIFConverter can
load and save JFIF images *without* QuickTime, so it is your best bet if
your machine is too old to run QuickTime.  (But it's faster with QuickTime.)
Note: If GIFConverter runs out of memory trying to load a large JPEG, try
converting the file to GIF with JPEG Convert, then viewing the GIF version.

JPEG Convert, a Mac version of the free IJG JPEG conversion utilities, is
available from sumex-aim.stanford.edu, file /info-mac/app/jpeg-convert-10.hqx.
This will run on any Mac, but it only does file conversion, not viewing.
You can use it in conjunction with any GIF viewer.

Previous versions of this FAQ recommended Imagery JPEG v0.6, a JPEG<=>GIF
converter based on an old version of the IJG code.  If you are using this
program, you definitely should replace it with JPEG Convert.

Apple's free program PictPixie can view images in JFIF, QuickTime JPEG, and
GIF format, and can convert between these formats.  You can get PictPixie
from ftp.apple.com, file dts/mac/quicktime/qt.1.0.stuff/pictpixie.hqx.
Requires QuickTime.  PictPixie was intended as a developer's tool, and it's
really not the best choice unless you like to fool around with QuickTime.
Some of its drawbacks are that it requires lots of memory, it produces
relatively poor color image quality on anything less than a 24-bit display,
and it has a relatively unfriendly user interface.  Worse, PictPixie is an
unsupported program, meaning it has some minor bugs that Apple does not
intend to fix.  (There is an old version of PictPixie, called
PICTCompressor, floating around the net.  If you have this you should trash
it, as it's even buggier.  Also, the QuickTime Starter Kit includes a much
cleaned-up descendant of PictPixie called Picture Compressor.  Note that
Picture Compressor is NOT free and may not be distributed on the net.)

Storm Technology's Picture Decompress is a free JPEG viewer/converter.
This rather old program is inferior to the above programs in many ways, but
it will run without System 7 or QuickTime, so you may be forced to use it on
older systems.  (It does need 32-bit QuickDraw, so really old machines can't
use it.)  You can get it from sumex-aim.stanford.edu, file
/info-mac/app/picture-decompress-201.hqx.  You must set the file type of a
downloaded image file to 'JPEG' to allow Picture Decompress to open it.

If your machine is too old to run 32-bit QuickDraw (a Mac Plus for instance),
GIFConverter is your only choice for single-program JPEG viewing.  If you
don't want to pay for GIFConverter, use JPEG Convert and a free GIF viewer.

More and more commercial Mac applications are supporting JPEG, although not
all can deal with the Usenet-standard JFIF format.  Adobe Photoshop, version
2.0.1 or later, can read and write JFIF-format JPEG files (use the JPEG
plug-in from the Acquire menu).  You must set the file type of a downloaded
JPEG file to 'JPEG' to allow Photoshop to recognize it.

Amiga:

(Most programs listed in this section are stored in the AmiNet archive at
amiga.physik.unizh.ch (130.60.80.80).  There are many mirror sites of this
archive and you should try to use the closest one.  In the USA, a good
choice is wuarchive.wustl.edu; look under /mirrors/amiga.physik.unizh.ch/...)

HamLab Plus is an excellent JPEG viewer/converter, as well as being a
general image manipulation tool.  It's cheap (shareware, $20) and can read
several formats besides JPEG.  The current version is 2.0.8.  A demo version
is available from amiga.physik.unizh.ch (and mirror sites), file
amiga/gfx/edit/hamlab208d.lha.  The demo version will crop images larger
than 512x512, but it is otherwise fully functional.

Rend24 (shareware, $30) is an image renderer that can display JPEG, ILBM,
and GIF images.  The program can be used to create animations, even
capturing frames on-the-fly from rendering packages like Lightwave.  The
current version is 1.05, available from amiga.physik.unizh.ch (and mirror
sites), file amiga/os30/gfx/rend105.lha.  (Note: although this directory is
supposedly for AmigaDOS 3.0 programs, the program will also run under
AmigaDOS 1.3, 2.04 or 2.1.)

Viewtek is a free JPEG/ILBM/GIF/ANIM viewer.  The current version is 1.04,
available from amiga.physik.unizh.ch (and mirror sites), file
amiga/gfx/show/ViewTek104.lha.

If you're willing to spend real money, there are several commercial packages
that support JPEG.  Two are written by Thomas Krehbiel, the author of Rend24
and Viewtek.  These are CineMorph, a standalone image morphing package, and
ImageFX, an impressive 24-bit image capture, conversion, editing, painting,
effects and prepress package that also includes CineMorph.  Both are
distributed by Great Valley Products.  Art Department Professional (ADPro),
from ASDG Inc, is the most widely used commercial image manipulation
software for Amigas.  ImageMaster, from Black Belt Systems, is another
well-regarded commercial graphics package with JPEG support.

The free IJG JPEG software is available compiled for Amigas from
amiga.physik.unizh.ch (and mirror sites) in directory amiga/gfx/conv, file
AmigaJPEGV4.lha.  These programs convert JPEG to/from PPM,GIF,Targa formats.

The Amiga world is heavily infested with quick-and-dirty JPEG programs, many
based on an ancient beta-test version of the free IJG JPEG software (thanks
to a certain magazine that published same on its disk-of-the-month, without
so much as notifying the authors).  Among these are "AugJPEG", "NewAmyJPEG",
"VJPEG", and probably others I have not even heard of.  In my opinion,
anything older than IJG version 3 (March 1992) is not worth the disk space
it's stored on; if you have such a program, trash it and get something newer.

Atari ST:

The free IJG JPEG software is available compiled for Atari ST, TT, etc,
from atari.archive.umich.edu, file /atari/Graphics/jpeg4bin.zoo.
These programs convert JPEG to/from PPM, GIF, Targa formats.

I have not heard of any free or shareware JPEG-capable viewer for Ataris,
but surely there must be one by now?  Pointers appreciated.

Acorn Archimedes:

!ChangeFSI, supplied with RISC OS 3 version 3.10, can convert from and view
JPEG JFIF format.  Provision is also made to convert images to JPEG,
although this must be done from the CLI rather than by double-clicking.

Recent versions (since 7.11) of the shareware program Translator can handle
JPEG, along with about 30 other image formats.  While older versions can be
found on some Archimedes bboards, the current version is only available by
registering with the author, John Kortink, Nutterbrink 31, 7544 WJ, Enschede,
The Netherlands.  Price 35 Dutch guilders (about $22 or 10 pounds).

There's also a commercial product called !JPEG which provides JPEG read/write
functionality and direct JPEG viewing, as well as a host of other image
format conversion and processing options.  This is more expensive but not
necessarily better than the above programs.  Contact: DT Software, FREEPOST,
Cambridge, UK.  Tel: 0223 841099.


Portable software for almost any system:

If none of the above fits your situation, you can obtain and compile the free
JPEG conversion software described in 6B.  You'll also need a viewer program.
If your display is 8 bits or less, any GIF viewer will do fine; if you have a
display with more color capability, try to find a viewer that can read Targa
or PPM 24-bit image files.

There are numerous commercial JPEG offerings, with more popping up every
day.  I recommend that you not spend money on one of these unless you find
the available free or shareware software vastly too slow.  In that case,
purchase a hardware-assisted product.  Ask pointed questions about whether
the product complies with the final JPEG standard and about whether it can
handle the JFIF file format; many of the earliest commercial releases are
not and never will be compatible with anyone else's files.


[6B]  If you are looking for source code to work with:

Free, portable C code for JPEG compression is available from the Independent
JPEG Group, which I lead.  A package containing our source code,
documentation, and some small test files is available from several places.
The "official" archive site for this source code is ftp.uu.net (137.39.1.9
or 192.48.96.9).  Look under directory /graphics/jpeg; the current release
is jpegsrc.v4.tar.Z.  (This is a compressed TAR file; don't forget to
retrieve in binary mode.)  You can retrieve this file by FTP or UUCP.
If you are on a PC and don't know how to cope with .tar.Z format, you may
prefer ZIP format, which you can find at Simtel20 and mirror sites (see NOTE
above), file msdos/graphics/jpegsrc4.zip.  This file will also be available on
CompuServe, in the GRAPHSUPPORT forum (GO PICS), library 15, as jpsrc4.zip.
If you have no FTP access, you can retrieve the source from your nearest
comp.sources.misc archive; version 4 appeared as issues 55-72 of volume 34.
(If you don't know how to retrieve comp.sources.misc postings, see the FAQ
article "How to find sources", referred to at the top of section 6.)

The free JPEG code provides conversion between JPEG "JFIF" format and image
files in GIF, PBMPLUS PPM/PGM, Utah RLE, and Truevision Targa file formats.
The core compression and decompression modules can easily be reused in other
programs, such as image viewers.  The package is highly portable; we have
tested it on many machines ranging from PCs to Crays.

We have released this software for both noncommercial and commercial use.
Companies are welcome to use it as the basis for JPEG-related products.
We do not ask a royalty, although we do ask for an acknowledgement in
product literature (see the README file in the distribution for details).
We hope to make this software industrial-quality --- although, as with
anything that's free, we offer no warranty and accept no liability.

The Independent JPEG Group is a volunteer organization; if you'd like to
contribute to improving our software, you are welcome to join.


[7]  What's all this hoopla about color quantization?

Most people don't have full-color (24 bit per pixel) display hardware.
Typical display hardware stores 8 or fewer bits per pixel, so it can display
256 or fewer distinct colors at a time.  To display a full-color image, the
computer must map the image into an appropriate set of representative
colors.  This process is called "color quantization".  (This is something
of a misnomer, "color selection" would be a better term.  We're stuck with
the standard usage though.)

Clearly, color quantization is a lossy process.  It turns out that for most
images, the details of the color quantization algorithm have MUCH more impact
on the final image quality than do any errors introduced by JPEG (except at
the very lowest JPEG quality settings).

Since JPEG is a full-color format, converting a color JPEG image for display
on 8-bit-or-less hardware requires color quantization.  This is true for
*all* color JPEGs: even if you feed a 256-or-less-color GIF into JPEG, what
comes out of the decompressor is *not* 256 colors, but thousands of colors.
This happens because JPEG's lossiness affects each pixel a little
differently, so two pixels that started with identical colors will probably
come out with slightly different colors.  Each original color gets "smeared"
into a group of nearby colors.  Therefore quantization is always required to
display a color JPEG on a colormapped display, regardless of the image
source.  The only way to avoid quantization is to ask for gray-scale output.

(Incidentally, because of this effect it's nearly meaningless to talk about
the number of colors used by a JPEG image.  Even if you attempted to count
the number of distinct pixel values, different JPEG decoders would give you
different results because of roundoff error differences.  I occasionally see
posted images described as "256-color JPEG".  This tells me that the poster
(a) hasn't read this FAQ and (b) probably converted the JPEG from a GIF.
JPEGs can be classified as color or gray-scale (just like photographs), but
number of colors just isn't a useful concept for JPEG.)

On the other hand, a GIF image by definition has already been quantized to
256 or fewer colors.  (A GIF *does* have a definite number of colors in its
palette, and the format doesn't allow more than 256 palette entries.)
For purposes of Usenet picture distribution, GIF has the advantage that the
sender precomputes the color quantization, so recipients don't have to.
This is also the *disadvantage* of GIF: you're stuck with the sender's
quantization.  If the sender quantized to a different number of colors than
what you can display, you have to re-quantize, resulting in much poorer
image quality than if you had quantized once from a full-color image.
Furthermore, if the sender didn't use a high-quality color quantization
algorithm, you're out of luck.

For this reason, JPEG offers the promise of significantly better image quality
for all users whose machines don't match the sender's display hardware.
JPEG's full color image can be quantized to precisely match the user's display
hardware.  Furthermore, you will be able to take advantage of future
improvements in quantization algorithms (there is a lot of active research in
this area), or purchase better display hardware, to get a better view of JPEG
images you already have.  With a GIF, you're stuck forevermore with what was
sent.

It's also worth mentioning that many GIF-viewing programs include rather
shoddy quantization routines.  If you view a 256-color GIF on a 16-color EGA
display, for example, you are probably getting a much worse image than you
need to.  This is partly an inevitable consequence of doing two color
quantizations (one to create the GIF, one to display it), but often it's
also due to sloppiness.  JPEG conversion programs will be forced to use
high quality quantizers in order to get acceptable results at all, and in
normal use they will quantize directly to the number of colors to be
displayed.  Thus, JPEG is likely to provide better results than the average
GIF program for low-color-resolution displays as well as high-resolution ones!

Finally, an ever-growing number of people have better-than-8-bit display
hardware already: 15-bit "hi-color" PC displays, true 24-bit displays on
workstations and Macintoshes, etc.  For these people, GIF is already
obsolete, as it cannot represent an image to the full capabilities of their
display.  JPEG images can drive these displays much more effectively.
Thus, JPEG is an all-around better choice than GIF for representing images
in a machine-independent fashion.


[8]  How does JPEG work?

The buzz-words to know are chrominance subsampling, discrete cosine
transforms, coefficient quantization, and Huffman or arithmetic entropy
coding.  This article's long enough already, so I'm not going to say more
than that here.  For technical information, see the comp.compression FAQ.
This is available from the news.answers archive at rtfm.mit.edu, in files
/pub/usenet/news.answers/compression-faq/part[1-3].  If you need help in
using the news.answers archive, see the top of this article.


[9]  What about lossless JPEG?

There's a great deal of confusion on this subject.  The JPEG committee did
define a truly lossless compression algorithm, i.e., one that guarantees the
final output is bit-for-bit identical to the original input.  However, this
lossless mode has almost nothing in common with the regular, lossy JPEG
algorithm, and it offers much less compression.  At present, very few
implementations of lossless JPEG exist, and all of them are commercial.

Saying "-Q 100" to the free JPEG software DOES NOT get you a lossless image.
What it does get rid of is deliberate information loss in the coefficient
quantization step.  There is still a good deal of information loss in the
color subsampling step.  (With the V4 free JPEG code, you can also say
"-sample 1x1" to turn off subsampling.  Keep in mind that many commercial
JPEG implementations cannot cope with the resulting file.)

Even with both quantization and subsampling turned off, the regular JPEG
algorithm is not lossless, because it is subject to roundoff errors in
various calculations.  The maximum error is a few counts in any one pixel
value; it's highly unlikely that this could be perceived by the human eye,
but it might be a concern if you are doing machine processing of an image.

At this minimum-loss setting, regular JPEG produces files that are perhaps
half the size of an uncompressed 24-bit-per-pixel image.  True lossless JPEG
provides roughly the same amount of compression, but it guarantees
bit-for-bit accuracy.

If you have an application requiring lossless storage of images with less
than 6 bits per pixel (per color component), you may want to look into the
JBIG bilevel image compression standard.  This performs better than JPEG
lossless on such images.  JPEG lossless is superior to JBIG on images with
6 or more bits per pixel; furthermore, JPEG is public domain (at least with a
Huffman back end), while the JBIG techniques are heavily covered by patents.


[10]  Why all the argument about file formats?

Strictly speaking, JPEG refers only to a family of compression algorithms;
it does *not* refer to a specific image file format.  The JPEG committee was
prevented from defining a file format by turf wars within the international
standards organizations.

Since we can't actually exchange images with anyone else unless we agree on
a common file format, this leaves us with a problem.  In the absence of
official standards, a number of JPEG program writers have just gone off to
"do their own thing", and as a result their programs aren't compatible with
anybody else's.

The closest thing we have to a de-facto standard JPEG format is some work
that's been coordinated by people at C-Cube Microsystems.  They have defined
two JPEG-based file formats:
  * JFIF (JPEG File Interchange Format), a "low-end" format that transports
    pixels and not much else.
  * TIFF/JPEG, aka TIFF 6.0, an extension of the Aldus TIFF format.  TIFF is
    a "high-end" format that will let you record just about everything you
    ever wanted to know about an image, and a lot more besides :-).  TIFF is
    a lot more complex than JFIF, and may well prove less transportable,
    because different vendors have historically implemented slightly different
    and incompatible subsets of TIFF.  It's not likely that adding JPEG to the
    mix will do anything to improve this situation.
Both of these formats were developed with input from all the major vendors
of JPEG-related products; it's reasonably likely that future commercial
products will adhere to one or both standards.

I believe that Usenet should adopt JFIF as the replacement for GIF in
picture postings.  JFIF is simpler than TIFF and is available now; the
TIFF 6.0 spec has only recently been officially adopted, and it is still
unusably vague on some crucial details.  Even when TIFF/JPEG is well
defined, the JFIF format is likely to be a widely supported "lowest common
denominator"; TIFF/JPEG files may never be as transportable.

A particular case that people may be interested in is Apple's QuickTime
software for the Macintosh.  QuickTime uses a JFIF-compatible format wrapped
inside the Mac-specific PICT structure.  Conversion between JFIF and
QuickTime JPEG is pretty straightforward, and several Mac programs are
available to do it (see Mac portion of section 6A).  If you have an editor
that handles binary files, you can strip a QuickTime JPEG PICT down to JFIF
by hand; see section 11 for details.

Another particular case is Handmade Software's programs (GIF2JPG/JPG2GIF and
Image Alchemy).  These programs are capable of reading and writing JFIF
format.  By default, though, they write a proprietary format developed by
HSI.  This format is NOT readable by any non-HSI programs and should not be
used for Usenet postings.  Use the -j switch to get JFIF output.  (This
applies to old versions of these programs; the current releases emit JFIF
format by default.  You still should be careful not to post HSI-format
files, unless you want to get flamed by people on non-PC platforms.)


[11]  How do I recognize which file format I have, and what do I do about it?

If you have an alleged JPEG file that your software won't read, it's likely
to be HSI format or some other proprietary JPEG-based format.  You can tell
what you have by inspecting the first few bytes of the file:

1.  A JFIF-standard file will start with the characters (hex) FF D8 FF E0,
    followed by two variable bytes (often hex 00 10), followed by 'JFIF'.

2.  If you see FF D8 at the start, but not the rest of it, you may have a
    "raw JPEG" file.  This is probably decodable as-is by JFIF software ---
    it's worth a try, anyway.

3.  HSI files start with 'hsi1'.  You're out of luck unless you have HSI
    software.  Portions of the file may look like plain JPEG data, but they
    won't decompress properly with non-HSI programs.

4.  A Macintosh PICT file, if JPEG-compressed, will have a couple hundred
    bytes of header followed by a JFIF header (scan for 'JFIF').  Strip off
    everything before the FF D8 and you should be able to read it.

5.  Anything else: it's a proprietary format, or not JPEG at all.  If you are
    lucky, the file may consist of a header and a raw JPEG data stream.
    If you can identify the start of the JPEG data stream (look for FF D8),
    try stripping off everything before that.

In uuencoded Usenet postings, the characteristic JFIF pattern is

	"begin" line
	M_]C_X ...

whereas uuencoded HSI files will start with

	"begin" line
	M:'-I ...

If you learn to check for the former, you can save yourself the trouble of
downloading non-JFIF files.


[12]  What about arithmetic coding?

The JPEG spec defines two different "back end" modules for the final output
of compressed data: either Huffman coding or arithmetic coding is allowed.
The choice has no impact on image quality, but arithmetic coding usually
produces a smaller compressed file.  On typical images, arithmetic coding
produces a file 5 or 10 percent smaller than Huffman coding.  (All the
file-size numbers previously cited are for Huffman coding.)

Unfortunately, the particular variant of arithmetic coding specified by the
JPEG standard is subject to patents owned by IBM, AT&T, and Mitsubishi.
Thus *you cannot legally use arithmetic coding* unless you obtain licenses
from these companies.  (The "fair use" doctrine allows people to implement
and test the algorithm, but actually storing any images with it is dubious
at best.)

At least in the short run, I recommend that people not worry about
arithmetic coding; the space savings isn't great enough to justify the
potential legal hassles.  In particular, arithmetic coding *should not*
be used for any images to be exchanged on Usenet.

There is some small chance that the legal situation may change in the
future.  Stay tuned for further details.


[13]  Does loss accumulate with repeated compression/decompression?

It would be nice if, having compressed an image with JPEG, you could
decompress it, manipulate it (crop off a border, say), and recompress it
without any further image degradation beyond what you lost initially.
Unfortunately THIS IS NOT THE CASE.  In general, recompressing an altered
image loses more information, though usually not as much as was lost the
first time around.

The next best thing would be that if you decompress an image and recompress
it *without changing it* then there is no further loss, i.e., you get an
identical JPEG file.  Even this is not true; at least, not with the current
free JPEG software.  It's essentially a problem of accumulation of roundoff
error.  If you repeatedly compress and decompress, the image will eventually
degrade to where you can see visible changes from the first-generation
output.  (It usually takes many such cycles to get visible change.)
One of the things on our to-do list is to see if accumulation of error can
be avoided or limited, but I am not optimistic about it.

In any case, the most that could possibly be guaranteed would be that
compressing the unmodified full-color output of djpeg, at the original
quality setting, would introduce no further loss.  Even such simple changes
as cropping off a border could cause further roundoff-error degradation.
(If you're wondering why, it's because the pixel-block boundaries move.
If you cropped off only multiples of 16 pixels, you might be safe, but
that's a mighty limited capability!)

The bottom line is that JPEG is a useful format for archival storage and
transmission of images, but you don't want to use it as an intermediate
format for sequences of image manipulation steps.  Use a lossless format
(PPM, RLE, TIFF, etc) while working on the image, then JPEG it when you are
ready to file it away.  Aside from avoiding degradation, you will save a lot
of compression/decompression time this way :-).


[14]  What are some rules of thumb for converting GIF images to JPEG?

As stated earlier, you *will* lose some amount of image information if you
convert an existing GIF image to JPEG.  If you can obtain the original
full-color data the GIF was made from, it's far better to make a JPEG from
that.  But if you need to save space and have only the GIF to work from,
here are some suggestions for getting maximum space savings with minimum
loss of quality.

The first rule when converting a GIF library is to look at each JPEG, to
make sure you are happy with it, before throwing away the corresponding GIF;
that will give you a chance to re-do the conversion with a higher quality
setting if necessary.  Some GIFs may be better left as GIFs, as explained in
section 3; in particular, cartoon-type GIFs with sixteen or fewer colors
don't convert well.  You may find that a JPEG file of reasonable quality
will be *larger* than the GIF.  (So check the sizes too.)

Experience to date suggests that large, high-visual-quality GIFs are the best
candidates for conversion to JPEG.  They chew up the most storage so offer
the most potential savings, and they convert to JPEG with least degradation.
Don't waste your time converting any GIF much under 100 Kbytes.  Also, don't
expect JPEG files converted from GIFs to be as small as those created
directly from full-color originals.  To maintain image quality you may have
to let the converted files be as much as twice as big as straight-through
JPEG files would be (i.e., shoot for 1/2 or 1/3rd the size of the GIF file,
not 1/4th as suggested in earlier comparisons).

Many people have developed an odd habit of putting a large constant-color
border around a GIF image.  While useless, this was nearly free in terms of
storage cost in GIF files.  It is NOT free in JPEG files, and the sharp
border boundary can create visible artifacts ("ghost" edges).  Do yourself
a favor and crop off any border before JPEGing.  (If you are on an X Windows
system, XV's manual and automatic cropping functions are a very painless
way to do this.)

cjpeg's default Q setting of 75 is appropriate for full-color input, but
for GIF inputs, Q settings of 85 to 95 often seem to be necessary to avoid
image degradation.  (If you apply smoothing as suggested below, the higher
Q setting may not be necessary.)

Color GIFs of photographs or complex artwork are usually "dithered" to fool
your eye into seeing more than the 256 colors that GIF can actually store.
If you enlarge the image, you will see that adjacent pixels are often of
significantly different colors; at normal size the eye averages these pixels
together to produce the illusion of an intermediate color value.  The
trouble with dithering is that, to JPEG, it looks like high-spatial-frequency
color noise; and JPEG can't compress noise very well.  The resulting JPEG
file is both larger and of lower image quality than what you would have
gotten from JPEGing the original full color image (if you had it).
To get around this, you want to "smooth" the GIF image before compression.
Smoothing averages together nearby pixels, thus approximating the color that
you thought you saw anyway, and in the process getting rid of the rapid
color changes that give JPEG trouble.  Appropriate use of smoothing will
often let you avoid using a high Q factor, thus further reducing the size of
the compressed file, while still obtaining a better-looking output image
than you'd get without smoothing.

With the V4 free JPEG software (or products based on it), a simple smoothing
capability is built in.  Try "-smooth 10" or so when converting GIFs.
Values of 10 to 25 seem to work well for high-quality GIFs.  Heavy-handed
dithering may require larger smoothing factors.  (If you can see regular
fine-scale patterns on the GIF image even without enlargement, then strong
smoothing is definitely called for.)  Too large a smoothing factor will blur
the output image, which you don't want.  If you are an image processing
wizard, you can also do smoothing with a separate filtering program, such as
pnmconvol from the PBMPLUS package.  However, cjpeg's built-in smoother is
a LOT faster than pnmconvol...

The upshot of all this is that "cjpeg -quality 85 -smooth 10" is probably a
good starting point for converting GIFs.  But if you really care about the
image, you'll want to check the results and maybe try a few other settings.


---------------------

For more information about JPEG in general or the free JPEG software in
particular, contact the Independent JPEG Group at jpeg-info@uunet.uu.net.

With the continuin talk about the "End of the Space Age" and complaints 
by government over the large cost, why not try something I read about 
that might just work.

Announce that a reward of $1 billion would go to the first corporation 
who successfully keeps at least 1 person alive on the moon for a year. 
Then you'd see some of the inexpensive but not popular technologies begin 
to be developed. THere'd be a different kind of space race then!

Hi!

I am looking for the email address of the author to
"A Generic Solution to Polygon Clipping", 
Communication of the ACM, July 1992, Vol. 35, No. 7. 
I got information about the author as follows
	Mr. Bala R. Vatti
	LCEC, 65 River Road, Hudson, N.H. 03051
	email: vatti@waynar.lcec.lockheed
I want to get some related and detailed papers about the
same topic from the author. But I failed to send my email 
to the address. Any information is appreciated.

Thank you very much.

Best regards.

The Apollo fire was harsh, A Saturn V explosion would have been
hurtful but The Soviets winning would have been crushing. That could have
been *the* technological turning point for the US turning us
from Today's "We can do anything, we're *the* Super Power" to a much more
reserved attitude like the Soviet Program today.

Kennedy was gone by 68\69, the war was still on is the east, I think
the program would have stalled badly and the goal of the moon
by 70 would have been dead with Nasa trying to figure were they went wrong.
 

I speulate that:
+The Saturn program would have been pushed into
the 70s with cost over runs that would just be too evil. 
Nixon still wins.
+The Shuttle was never proposed and Skylab never built.
+By 73 the program stalled yet again under the fuel crisis.
+A string of small launches mark the mid seventies.
+By 76 the goal of a US man on the moon is dead and the US space program
drifts till the present day.


Another dodge.  Oh well.  I'm no match for your amazing repertoire
of red herrings and smoke screens.  

You asked for an apology.  I'm not going to apologize for pointing out
that your straw-man argument was a straw-man argument.  Nor for saying
that your list of "bible contradictions" shows such low standards of
scholarship that it should be an embarrassment to anti-inerrantists,
just as Josh McDowell should be an embarrassment to the fundies.  Nor
for objecting various times to your taking quotes out of context.  Nor
for pointing out that "they do it too" is not an excuse. Nor for calling
your red herrings and smoke screens what they are.

I'm still not sure why you think I'm a hypocrite.  It's true that I
haven't responded to any of Robert Weiss' articles, which may be due in
part to the fact that I almost never read his articles.  But I have
responded to both you and Frank DeCenso (a fundie/inerrantist.)  Both
you and Frank have taken quotes out of context, and I've objected to
both of you doing so.  I've criticized bad arguments both when they
were yours and I agreed with the conclusion (that the Bible is not
inerrant), and when they were Frank's and I disagreed with the
conclusion.  I've criticized both you and Frank for evading questions,
and for trying to "explain me away" without addressing the objections
I raise (you by accusing me of being hypocritical and irrational, Frank
by accusing me of being motivated by a desire to attack the Bible.) I
don't see that any of this is hypocritical, nor do I apologize for it.

I do apologize, however, for having offended you in any other way.

Happy now?
04 May 93, D. Andrew Byler writes to All:

 DAB> I think I need to again post the Athanasian Creed, whicc pretty well
 DAB> delinieates orthodox Christian belief on the Trinity, and on the
 DAB> Incarnation.

 DAB> It's a pretty good statement of the beliefs eventually accpeted, and the
 DAB> Creed is in use by the Catholic Church, as well as the Lutheran,
 DAB> Anglican, and Orthodox churches (the last minus the filioque, which they
 DAB> delete from the original form of the creed).

Do you have any evidence that it is used by the Orthodox Churches?

As far as I know it is purely Western, like the "Apostles' Creed". The
Orthodox Churches use the "Symbol of Faith", commonly called "The
Nicene Creed".

Steve Hayes
Department of Missiology
University of South Africa

Definitely, J.R. "Bob" Dobbs, numero uno, top dog, not one can touch, not
one can knock Bob out of the box. Bob kills me mon! Everyday!

But close El Segundo (el subliminal) is the infamous Paul (birthname Saul) the
Evangeline who became famous as a result of his numerous trampoline act 
tours of the eastern Mediterranean.

I agree, which is why I've asked for help with it.

The reason I'm working on this list is because I've recently had one
too many Christians tell me "the Bible contains no contradictions
whatsoever."  They believe that it's true, and that it describes
reality perfectly, and even predicts history before it happens.

Before I can carry on any sort of meaningful conversation with these
people, I've got to SHOW them, with concrete evidence, that the Bible
is not nearly as airtight as they thought.  I hope to do that with
this list.

Specifically: when I bring up the fact that Genesis contains two
contradictory creation stories, I usually get blank stares or flat
denials.  I've never had a fundamentalist acknowledge that there are
indeed two different accounts of creation.

Here is another way of looking at it.

When we die we are released from the arc of time, and able
to comprehend our lives in toto.  To visit each moment in
time sequentially or all at once, but not able to alter the
actions thoughts or feelings we had/have/will have in this 
life.

From that perspective, I posit that all will have direct knowledge
of God, and be able to recognize at each moment of time wether
we were doing what we ought.  That the experience of having
lived a life far from God will be an eternal torment.  That 
having lived a life of grace, will be an eternal joy.  That the 
resurrection of the body comes not from any physical reconstitution
of our present forms, but knowledge of our present forms by our
fully cognizant souls.

As an Aside:  If we were to be restricted for all time to
our present form, would you opt for immortality?

James Sledd


I too would like a 3D graphics library!  How much do C libraries cost
anyway?  Can you get the tools used by, say, RenderMan, and can you get
them at a reasonable cost?

Sorry that I don't have any answers, just questions...
for SRC

In most languages, the Feast of the Resurrection of Our Lord is
known as the PASCH, or PASQUE, or some variation thereof, a word
which comes from the Hebrew PESACH, meaning "Passover." In English,
German, and a few related languages, however, it is known as EASTER,
or some variation thereof, and questions have been asked about the
origin of this term.

One explanation is that given by the Venerable Bede in his DE
RATIONE TEMPORUM 1:5, where he derives the word from the name of an
Anglo-Saxon goddess of Spring called EASTRE. Bede is a great
scholar, and it is natural to take his word for it. But he lived
673-735, and Augustine began preaching in Kent in 597. The use of
the word EASTER to describe the Feast would have been well
established before the birth of Bede and probably before the birth
of anyone he might have discussed the subject with. It seems likely
that his derivation is just a guess, based on his awareness that
there had been an Anglo-Saxon goddess of Spring bearing that name,
and the resemblance of the words. Thus, if the said resemblance
(surely it is not surprising that a personification of Spring should
have a name similar to the word for Dawn) is not in istelf
convincing, the testimony (or rather the conjecture) by Bede does
not make it more so.

Assuming that Bede was right, that would not justify saying that the
Christian celebration (which, after all, had been going on for some
centuries before the name EASTER was applied to it) has pagan roots.
It would simply mean that the Anglo-Saxons, upon becoming Christians
and beginning to celebrate the Resurrection by a festival every
spring, called it by the name that to them meant simply "Spring
Festival."

However, Bede's is not the only theory that has been proposed.  J
Knoblech, in "Die Sprach," ZEITSCHRIFT FUER SPRACHWISSENSCHAFT 5
(Vienna, 1959) 27-45, offers the following derivation:

Among Latin-speaking Christians, the week beginning with the Feast
of the Resurrection was known as "hebdomada alba" (white week),
since the newly-baptized Christians were accustomed to wear their
white baptismal robes throughout that week. Sometimes the week was
referred to simply as "albae." Translaters rendering this into
German mistook it for the plural of "alba," meaning "dawn." They
accordingly rendered it as EOSTARUM, which is Old High German for
"dawn." This gave rise to the form EASTER in English.

 Yours,
 James Kiefer

Most of you will have probably seen the news by the time you read this,
but the Branch Davidian compound is no more.  This morning about 6:00,
the feds punched holes in the compound walls by using a tank.  They 
then started using non-lethal tear gas.  Shortly after noon, 2 cult
members were seen setting fire to the compound.  So far, about 20-30
people have been seen outside the compound.  The fate of the other 60 or
70 people is unknown, neither is the fate of the 17 children that were
inside.  The compound did burn to the ground.

Koresh, who at times has claimed to be the Messiah, but then backed off
and only claimed to be a prophet, had promised several times to come
out peacefully if his demands were met.  First, he demanded that his
message be broadcast on the radio, which it was, but he didn't come out.
He claimed to be waiting for a message from God.  Finally, he said that
God told him that he needed to decipher the mystery of the 7 seals in
Revelation, and when he was finished, he'd come out.  He finished the
first one, but didn't do any more work that anyone knows of since then.
The federal agents did warn him that if they didn't come out, they 
would be subjected to tear gas.

I think it's really sad that so many people put their faith in a mere
man, even if he did claim to be the son of God, and/or a prophet.  I
think it underscores the importance of putting you faith only in
things that are eternal and knowing for yourself what the Scriptures
say and what they mean, instead of relying on others to do it for you,
even if those others are learned and mean well.
_MY ADVOCATE_

I sinned. And straightway, posthaste, Satan flew
Before the presence of the Most High God
And made a railing accusation there.
He said, "This soul, this thing of clay and sod,
Has sinned. 'Tis true that he has named Thy name;
But I demand his death, for Thou hast said,
'The soul that sinneth, it shall die.' Shall not
Thy sentence be fulfilled? Is justice dead?
Send now this wretched sinner to his doom!
What other thing can righteous ruler do?"
Thus Satan did accuse me day and night;
And every word he spoke, O  God, was true!

Then quickly One rose up from God's right hand,
Before whose glory angels veiled their eyes;
He spoke, "Each jot and tittle of the law
Must be fulfilled; the guilty sinner dies!
But wait -- suppose his guilt were all transferred
To Me and that I paid his penalty!
Behold My hands, My side, My feet! One day
I was made sin for him and died that he
Might be presented, faultless, at Thy throne!"
And Satan flew away.  Full well he knew
That he could not prevail against such love,
for every word my dear Lord spoke was true!


					by Martha Snell Nicholson

+++++++++++++++++++++++
I heard this poem read last night and wanted to share it with other 
subscribers of this newsgroup.  It's such a wonderful blessing to see how 
secure our salvation is because the Lord Jesus paid for what He did not owe 
because we had a debt which we were not capable to pay.

Thanks and praise be to the Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ, who is seated at 
the right hand of the Majesty on High, making intercession for us.
++++++++++++++++++++++++



Yes, and I do everyone else.  Why, you may wonder, don't I do 'Fred'?
Well, that would just be too *obvious*, wouldn't it?  Oh yeah, this
isn't my real name, either.  I'm actually Elvis.  Or maybe a lemur; I
sometimes have difficulty telling which is which.

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
Hi to all out there.  We have this problem, and I'm not certain I'm solving it
in the correct way.  I was wondering if anyone can shed light on this, or point
me in the right place to look...

We have an X-ray imaging camera and a metallic tube with a cylindrical hole
passing through it at a right angle to the tube's axis:

                                                          |
                                     ||                   [ image
                                                          |
  X-ray source ]                     ||                   | screen
                            metallic || tube              |
                                     ||                   |
                                                          |

We know source--screen centre distance, radius of the tube, radius of the hole.

We do some calculations based on the image of the hole on the screen.  However,
the calculations are mathematically highly complex, and must assume that the
object's hole projects an image (resembling an ellipse if the tube is not
parallel to the screen) in the centre of the screen.  However, it is unlikely
that the object is placed so conveniently.  

Firstly, we must transform the major and minor axis of the ellipse.  I cannot
know what the angle between the tube and screen is.  Do I have to assume that
they are parallel to do the transformation?  How do I do this transformation?

Secondly, there is a distortion of the image due to the screen being planar
(the source--screen distance increases as we move away from the centre of the
screen).  How can I compensate the ellipse's axis for this image distortion?

So, please can anyone give us a few pointers here?  How do we transform the
image so it appears as it would if it were in the centre of the screen, and how
do I deal with distortion due to the shape of the screen?

We'd appreciate any help, either posted or emailed.

Thanks in advance, Simon.
The Apollo astronauts also trained at (in) Meteor Crater in the Flagstaff
area (Arizona).  There is now a museum with a space shop.
Caution: they ease you by 6$. Compared to a KSC visit it's not worth.

How 'bout some more info on that alleged supernova in M-81?
I might just break out the scope for this one.
____________________________________________________
"No sir, I don't like it! "-- Mr. Horse
Dan Kelo     dkelo@pepvax.pepperdine.edu
____________________________________________________



 [More stuff deleted]

This seems to be a pretty arogant definition of belief.  My beliefs
are those things which I find to be true based on my experience of the
world.  This experience includes study of things that I may not have
experienced directly.  But even then, I can only understand the
studies to the extent to which I can relate what I study back to what
I have experienced.

Which means that by beliefs about God are directly related to my
experience of God.  Having experienced God, I try to make sense of
that experience.  I study religion and read the Bible.  I find things
that echo what I have already experienced.  Out of this I build my
beliefs.  I also find things that don't match my experience.  That
doesn't make them false.  They just don't match my experience.  Maybe
I will understand that stuff later.  I don't know.  Maybe all of my
beliefs are wrong.  I can change my beliefs.

If someone else has beliefs that are different from mine, so what.
Neither of us are necessarily wrong.  Someone else is making sense out
of a different set of experiences.  Even though we have different
explanations and beliefs, if we talk we might even discover that the
underlying experiences are similar.

Some people approach religion as a truth that can only exist in one
form, and usually has a single revelation.  The more dogmatic and
inflexible the belief system, the more arrogant it will appear to an
outsider.  There is another approach possible, however.  God is a
mystery.  I am trying to solve the mystery, so I look at the evidence
available to me.  I try to arrive at the best understanding that I can
based on the evidence.  New evidence may cause me to change my
understanding.  When I encounter someone with a different belief than
my own, it isn't a threat, it is an opportunity to perhaps discover
something new about this mystery I can never fully comprehend.

Peace
Will Taber
---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

All of this talk about a COMMERCIAL space race (i.e. $1G to the first 1-year 
moon base) is intriguing. Similar prizes have influenced aerospace 
development before. The $25k Orteig prize helped Lindbergh sell his Spirit of 
Saint Louis venture to his financial backers.

If memory serves, the $25k prize would not have been enough to totally 
reimburse some of the more expensive transatlantic projects (such as 
Fokker's, Nungesser and other multi-engine projects). However Lindbergh 
ultimately kept his total costs below that amount.

But I strongly suspect that his Saint Louis backers had the foresight to 
realize that much more was at stake than $25,000.

Could it work with the moon? Who are the far-sighted financial backers of 
today?
I must have missed the postings about Waco, David Koresh, and the Second
Coming.  How does one tell if a Second Coming is the real thing, unless the
person claiming to be IT is obviously insane?

I'm not saying that David Koresh is the Second Coming of Christ.  How could
somebody who breaks his word be the Second Coming?  Koresh did promise that
he would come out of his compound if only he was allowed to give a radio
broadcast.  He didn't.  Still it seems to me that he did fool some people.

And, from my meagre knowledge of the Bible, it seems that Christians have
been hard on the Jews of Christ's day for being cautious about accepting
somebody that their religious authorities didn't accept as the Messiah.

So I was surprised that nobody had discussed the difficulty of wanting to be
early to recognize the Second Coming while, at the same time, not wanting to
be credulously believing just anybody who claims to be God.

[Mark 13:21   And then if any one says to you, 'Look, here is the Christ!' 
or 'Look, there he is!' do not believe it. 
Mark 13:22   False Christs and false prophets will arise and show signs and 
wonders, to lead astray, if possible, the elect. 
Mark 13:23   But take heed; I have told you all things beforehand. 
Mark 13:24    "But in those days, after that tribulation, the sun will be 
darkened, and the moon will not give its light, 
Mark 13:25   and the stars will be falling from heaven, and the powers in 
the heavens will be shaken. 
Mark 13:26   And then they will see the Son of man coming in clouds with 
great power and glory. 

My understanding of Jesus' answer is that, unlike his first coming,
which was veiled, the second coming will be quite unmistakeable.  He's
telling us not to be misled by the other things that have to happen
before his second coming -- the actual second coming will make his
power openly visible.

By the way, from Koresh's public statement it's not so clear to me
that he is claiming to be Christ.
Hello, I am about to embark on a bible study on ACTS. I have online
bible software with me. I would like to know the the background of the
authors of its various topics articles and about the author of the
People's New Testament. I need to know how realible is the articles in
the Online Bible software. Specifically (for your convenience) I want to
know about the :


		1. Darby Translation ( I have never heard of this one)
		2. Young's Literal Translation (I have also never heard
of)
		3. The realiability of the Hebrew/Greek Lexicon
		4. The authors (from which denomination etc) of the
articles in the TOPICS modules.
		5. The realiability of the Treasury of Scripture
Knowlege ( as I have never heard of too) 
		6. Who are the commentators, Scofield and B.W. Johnson
who wrote the Scofield Reference Bible and the People's New Testament respectively 
		7. The realiability of the Strong numbers.

I will be most happy to receive a reply of any of you who knows about
the above. Also, please 'qualify' yourself so that I may know that I am
not receiving a 'rubbish' letter. I just want to make sure.            

Wilfred Ling

	
My news feed is broken and I haven't received any new news in 243 hours
(more than 10 days).  So, if you reply to this, please send private
email to the address esther@demand.ed.ray.com -- I have set the
Reply-To line to have that address but I don't know if it will work.

[It depends upon the software, but generally I wouldn't expect
reply-to to cause an email cc to be sent in addition to a posting.
You'll probably need to do something specific, which will vary
depending upon your news software.  --clh]

At any rate, I need some support.  (Much thanks to Jayne K who is
already supporting me with kind words and prayers!)

I've been working at this company for eight years in various
engineering jobs.  I'm female.  Yesterday I counted and realized that
on seven different occasions I've been sexually harrassed at this
company.  Seven times. Eight years. Yesterday was the most recent one;
someone left an X-rated photo of a nude woman in my desk drawer.

I'm really upset by this.  I suppose it could have been worse -- it
could have been a man having sex with a sheep or something.

There was no note.  I do not know if it was:

	- someone's idea of an innocent joke, that went awry
	- someone's sick idea of flirting
	- an act of emotional terrorism (that worked!)

I dreaded coming back to work today.  What if my boss comes in to ask
me some kind of question, I don't know the answer so I take a military
specification down off from my shelf to look up the answer, and out
falls a picture of a man having sex with a sheep?  I generally have a
Bible on my desk for occasional inspiration; what if I open it up to
Corinthians and find a picture a la the North American Man Boy Love
Association?  I want to throw up just thinking about this stuff.

I can lock up my desk, but I can't lock up every book I have in the
office.  I can't trust that someone won't shove something into my
briefcase or my coat pocket when I'm not looking so that I go home to
find such a picture, or a threat, or a raunchy note about what someone
wants to do to my body.

To make it worse, the entire department went out to lunch yesterday to
treat our marvelous secretary to lunch.  The appointed hour for
leaving was 11:30.  I was working in another building but wanted to go
to the lunch.  So I returned at 11:25, only to find that ever single
person had already left for lunch.  They left at 11:15 or so.  No one
could be bothered to call me at the other building, even though my
number was posted.  So, I came back to a department that looked like a
neutron bomb had gone off and I was the sole survivor.  This, despite
the fact that everyone knew how bad I felt about this naked woman being
left in my desk drawer.

I need some prayers --- I can't stop crying. I am so deeply wounded
that it's ridiculous.

I feel like I'm some kind of sub-human piece of garbage for people to
reduce me and my sisters to simply sex organs and the sex act.  I feel
like I'm a sub-human piece of garbage that's not worthy of a simple
phone call saying "We're leaving for Mary's lunch a little early so
that Bob can get back for a big 1:00 meeting..."

Please pray that my resentments will either go away, or be miraculously
turned into something positive.  Please pray that whoever is torturing
me so will stop, and find some healing for him- or herself. Please pray
for my being healed from this latest wound (which falls on top of a
whole slew of other wounds...).  Please pray that I can find a new job
in a place where the corporate culture does its best to prevent such
harrassment from happening in the first place, and swiftly acts
appropriately when something occurs despite its best precautions. (This
company, in my opinion, has pretty words about how sexual harrassment
isn't tolerated but when you get right down to it, how is it that one
female engineer can be touched inappropriately, left obsene or
threatening notes, left obscene pictures, spoken to lewdly, etc, seven
times in eight years in the same place?  Pretty words from the company
do me no good when I'm terrified or healing from the latest assault.)

And please pray that I don't turn into an automaton because of this.
That's my bad habit: "ignore it and it will go away", "you're not worth
anyone's time so don't go talking to anyone about this", "you're right,
you are a sub-human piece of garbage and deserve to be treated this
way", "you are just an object", "you prostitute your mind to this
company so why can't others expect you to prostitute your body there as
well?", "what makes you think women aren't just possessions, and
nothing more than sex organs and their ability to perform the sex act?"
This is the kind of thinking that can catapault one into a major
depressive episode; please pray that these thoughts don't come into
my head and stay there, triggering depression.

Please pray that this latest trauma doesn't come between me and God.
In a way, a wound like this is an invitation to a deeper connection to
God, and it's also a possible trigger for a spiritual crisis that can
separate one mentally from God.  (I know God doesn't drop me from his
loving hand, but it's awfully easy for me to walk to the edge of the
hand, look down, think I'm falling and forget that God's still holding
on to me.)

Although this probably isn't entirely appropriate for this newsgroup,
I really can use the kind of loving support you all provide.  For this
reason I hope good Mr. Moderator allows me this latest indulgence.  After
all, he's allowed me the thermometer note, and a few other off-the-wall
topics.

Thanks in advance to everyone for your support and prayers.  Peace to you,
Esther

I am looking for some graphic images of earth shot from space. 
( Preferably 24-bit color, but 256 color .gif's will do ).

Anyways, if anyone knows an FTP site where I can find these, I'd greatly
appreciate it if you could pass the information on.  Thanks.


( please send email ).


Ken Huisman
Help!
How do you write to the second bank/page of memory when in VGA
320x200x256 colour mode?. ie: to perform page flipping animation
and buffering of the screen.
     I have tried using the Map Mask Registers, but this does not
perform the required task (Although it does do something).

Note: It *must* be able to work on a standard VGA (ie: not
necessarily a SVGA card).
For an essay, I am writing about the space shuttle and a need for a better
propulsion system.  Through research, I have found that it is rather clumsy 
(i.e. all the checks/tests before launch), the safety hazards ("sitting
on a hydrogen bomb"), etc..  If you have any beefs about the current
space shuttle program Re: propulsion, please send me your ideas.

Thanks a lot.



Atoms are not objective.  They aren't even real.  What scientists call
an atom is nothing more than a mathematical model that describes 
certain physical, observable properties of our surroundings.  All
of which is subjective.  

What is objective, though, is the approach a scientist 
takes in discussing his model and his observations.  There
is no objective science.  But there is an objective approach
which is subjectively selected by the scientist.  Objective
in this case means a specified, unchanging set of rules that
he and his colleagues use to discuss their science.

This is in contrast to your Objective Morality.  There may be an
objective approach to subjectively discuss your beliefs on
morality.  But there exists no objective morality.

Also, science deals with how we can discuss our observations of 
the physical world around us.  In that the method of discussion
is objective ( not the science; not the discussion itself ).

Science makes no claims to know the whys or even the hows sometimes
of what we can observe.  It simply gives us a way to discuss our
surroundings in a meaningful, consistent way.

I think it was Neils Bohr who said (to paraphrase) Science is what
we can _say_ about the physical world.


Actually I don't think there is any conflict if we really understand
what these passages say.  First, what is faith?  If you study the 
meaning of the Greek and Hebrew words so translated I think you will
come to the conclusion that the word means a *lot* more than mere 
belief.  Faith means both trust and action.  If you do not put your 
belief into action it simply cannot qualify as faith.  I think this 
is what James means when he says that "faith without works is dead" 
and, "I will show you my faith by my works."  Remember James was 
writing to "the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad."  This 
probably means he was writing to those who would hear the gospel much 
later and wouldn't understand the meaning of the original Greek.
(Indeed I suspect James was writing to us, today, among others he
intended to reach.)  Paul, on the other hand wrote mostly to the
people of the Roman empire who generally understood the meaning of
the Greek.

Another key to why there is no conflict is to look at Paul's
statements in their context.  I think you will find that when Paul
contrasts faith and works it is in the context of comparing the
gospel with the Law, meaning the Law of Moses.  This was the great
burden of Paul's life.  As the apostle to the Gentiles he would go
convert a bunch of people, then the "Judizers" would come along and
try to convince them that they also had to obey the Law of Moses (cf
Acts chapter 15).  In this context Paul condemns the idea of being
saved by the works of the Law, saying that we are saved by the blood
of Jesus and our faith in him.  I believe that a better translation
for today would be that we are saved by *faithfulness*.  I think
"faithfulness" today has a meaning closer to what the original
writers intended.


I think you misunderstand Romans.  What Paul is really saying is
that God prefers a faithful Gentile who does not "keep kosher" to a
kosher Jew who fails to stay faithful in the more important matters
of following the Lord and having charity toward his fellows.


In the sense of faith described above, you cannot have real faith and 
be lukewarm.  If you know God but are lukewarm (unfaithful), you are 
worse off than the person who never heard of Him.  Remember, Jesus in
the parable of the pearl of great price (Mat 13:45-46) and again in
the one on the treasure hidden in the field (Mat 13:44) indicates that
the price of the Kingdom of God is *all* we have.

[I agree with you in general, including the fact that "pistis" has
some of the force of "faithful".  However if you take that too far,
you can end up with something that Paul definitely would not have
intended.  Being faithful means following God in all things.  To say
that we are saved by being faithful is very close to saying that we
are saved by commiting no sins.  I assume that's not what you meant.

I have almost given up on finding a specific verbal formula that
completely captures this.  However I think Paul is describing what I'd
call a basic orientation, including aspects such as trust and
commitment.  Jesus speaks of it as rebirth, which implies a basic
change.  We may still do things that are sinful, and may fail to show
the new life in Christ in many situations where we should.  But in any
Christian there had better be the basic change in orientation that
Jesus calls being born again.
Up until last week, I have been running POVray v1.0 on my 486/33 under DOS5
without any major problems.  Over Easter I increased the memory from 4Meg to
8Meg, and found that POVray reboots the system every time under DOS5.  I had
a go at running POVray in a DOS window when running Win3.1 on the same system
and it now works fine, even if a lot slower.  I would like to go back to 
using POVray directly under DOS, anyone any ideas???

John
John Berryhill, Ph.D. writes


umm, please don't lump us all together. It's those blatant,
fundamentalist pickers that give the rest of us a bad name. Some of
us try very hard to be discreet and stay alert.

 
 My poor old physics intuition will be very surprised if these tiny
 masses, sitting very close to Jupiter, play any role whatsoever in the
 problem.   Or, to put it more technically, the extra "volume" they add
 to the phase space of possible capture trajectories is negligible.
 
 Jupiter is 2E27 kg, while the Galilean satellites are around 1E23.
 
 Also, as I said, the few references that I've looked at do not
 mention outgassing or breakup as important processes.  The important
 thing is a Jupiter-Sun-comet "reverse slingshot" that leads to a
 weakly Jupiter-bound orbit for the comet (at least a temporary one).




SEI Level 5 (the highest level -- the SEI stands for Software
Engineering Institute).  I'm not sure, but I believe that this rating
only applies to the flight software.  Also keep in mind that it was
*not* achieved through the use of sophisticated tools, but rather
through a 'brute force and ignorance' attack on the problem during the
Challenger standdown - they simply threw hundreds of people at it and
did the whole process by hand.  I would not consider receiving a 'Warning'
status on systems which are not yet in use would detract much (if
anything) from such a rating -- I'll have to get the latest copy of
the guidelines to make sure (they just issued new ones, I think).

Also keep in mind that the SEI levels are concerned primarily with
control of the software process; the assumption is that a
well controlled process will produce good software.  Also keep in mind
that SEI Level 5 is DAMNED HARD.  Most software in this country is
produced by 'engineering practicies' that only rate an SEI Level 1 (if
that). 

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden


Do you count yourself as one who is weak in the faith?


Is there any doubt in your mind about what is right and what is missing
the mark?


Are they clear or do you have doubts?


An important first step; the realization that Paul was human.


Yes, and he was writing and speaking for an audience that was at best,
very weak in the faith; most could not read, most were unfamiliar with
the Hebrew Scriptures in even the Septuagint form. Paul adapted the
message of the Bible to a largely uneducated market. Granted, this
market still exists today, but do you count yourself as part of it? To
be "weak in the faith" is not missing the mark (hamartia) if you do the
best that your education allows. Are you doing the best?


Let me make clear that the "Law" is none other than the Pentateuch of
Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy. What did Jesus say
about the "Law" in Matt5:14-19? Where did Jesus say that the "Law" only
applies to Jews and that Gentiles are above the "Law"?


Who acknowledged this fact? On what basis? Are we extra-biblical at this
point? Why not also acknowledge that the Bhagavad-Gita is the only
relevant text for Gentiles, after all we see in the Bible that it was
Magus from the east who observed the star-signs of Jesus? Why bother
with any texts at all? Why not just follow whatever the Church has to
say?


I don't see how you can say this with a straight face. Are you a
follower of Christ, or do you follow someone else? Are you saying that
the words of Jesus only apply to Jews?


How Jewish was Paul after he changed his name from Saul?


Who says Gentile Christians are not covered by the first five books? Who
says that Gentile Christians are above the Ten Commandments?


You're implying that Jesus' words are valid only for Jews. Is this
really what you mean to say? You do realize that you are gutting rather
large portions of the Bible? When you read Jesus' words, did you ever
consider that maybe, just maybe Jesus is talking to you, no matter what
your race or sex? If the Hebrew Scriptures and the Gospel accounts of
Jesus are only directed to Jews, why were they translated into English?


As Paul would call him, one who was weak in the faith.


Which is more important: 1) The recorded word of Jesus or 2) Indications
that you can deduce from the Bible? Was Jesus God only of the Jews, or
God of all humankind of all race and sex?


This is your understanding of Paul. Compare this to the word of Jesus.
Are you Christian or Pauline?


Again, this is your understanding of Paul. Did Jesus say that the Law
was an "impossible standard?" Did Jesus say that He superceded the Law?
Are you Christian or Pauline?


You acknowledge that it is *your* reading of Paul. What did Jesus say?
Can you deny that Matt5:14-19 is quite clear in its meaning? Are you 
Christian or Pauline?


When did Jesus say that the purpose of the Law was conviction of sin?


Please reread Matt5:14-19. Are you Christian or Pauline?


Are you saying that the Ten Commandments are ceremonial details?


You call observance of the Sabbath, the day on which the Lord rested,
ceremonial? Has circumcision been superceded for Christians?

....

Are you Christian or Pauline?

[Both.  There is no doubt in my mind about what is sin and what is
not, at least not in this case.  Jesus did not deal explicitly with
the question of whether the Law was binding on Gentiles.  That's why I
have to cite evidence such as the way Jesus dealt with the Centurion.

As to general Jewish views on this, I am dependent largely on studies
of Pauline theology, one by H.J. Schoeps, and one whose author I can't
come up with at the moment.  Both authors are Jews.  Also, various
Christian and non-Christian Jews have discussed the issue here and in
other newsgroups.

Mat 5:19 is clear that the Law is still valid.  It does not say that
it applies to Gentiles.

And yes, I say that the specific requirement for worship on the
Sabbath in the Ten Commandments is a ceremonial detail, when you're
looking at the obligations of Gentiles.  Similarly circumcision.

I'm not sure quite what else I can say on this subject.  Again, it's
unfortunate the Jesus didn't answer the question directly.  However we
do know (1) what the 1st Cent. Jewish approach was, (2) how Jesus
dealt with at least one Gentile, and (3) how Jesus' disciples dealt
with the issue when it became more acute (I'm referring to Acts 15
more than Paul).  Given that these are all in agreement, I don't see
that there's a big problem.



Well they don't export anywhere near 50% of their GNP. Mexico's perhaps
but not their own. They actually export around the 9-10% mark. Similar
to most developed countries actually. Australia exports a larger share
of GNP as does the United States (14% I think off hand. Always likely to
be out by a factor of 12 or more though) This would be immediately obvious
if you thought about it.


It is their import routes that count. They can do without exports but
they couldn't live without imports for any longer than six months if that.


Too true! But one that is unstable and hence a source of serious worry.

Joseph Askew

WHile we are on the subject of the shuttle software.

what ever happened to the hypothesis  that the shuttle flight software
was a major factor in the loss of 51-L.  to wit,  that during the
wind shear event,  the Flight control software  indicated a series
of very violent engine movements that shocked and set upa harmonic
resonance  leading to an overstress of the struts.

I happen to take the violation of a person much more seriously than the
"violation" of a mindless clump of cells smaller than my thumb.

Your mileage may vary.


	Up to that point I thought you were talking about the
Rosicrucian Order... :-)  [No offense intended!]

I noticed this dead horse in your Keywords line. Is this the famous scarlet horse
of Babylon that the Beast (that's 666 for you illuminatti) rides on in those
wonderful mediaeval manuscripts. If so, I fear your announcement that the old
girl is dead may be premature. I bet $20 on her to place in the 6th race at The
Downs last Sunday, and she slid in a bad fifth. So she is not dead. She is just
comatose. (like god that way, I suppose).

Ninja Gourmet
Will fight for food. 


I was assuming that there won't be a moon base unless it makes a
profit, actually.  If it does, well, that gives a larger GNP which
leads to being able to spend more money on your military, including
gosh-wow space stuff.  (assuming it's profitable, rather than paying
for itself.)

You might be able to _run_ one for that; put it there, hardly.

Why do you think at least a couple centuries before there will
be significant commerical activity on the Moon?
Why is it that we have this notion that God takes some sort of pleasure
from punishing people?  The purpose of hell is to destroy the devil and
his angels.

To the earlier poster who tried to support the eternal hell theory with
the fact that the fallen angels were not destroyed, remember the Bible
teaches that God has reserved them until the day of judgement.  Their
judgement is soon to come.

Let me suggest this.  Maybe those who believe in the eternal hell theory
should provide all the biblical evidence they can find for it.  Stay away
from human theories, and only take into account references in the bible.



  Actually the most flexible way to create temp files is to check for a TEMP or
TMP environment variable and create the files on the drive and directory pointedto by the variable.  This is pretty much a standard for DOS, Windows and OS/2
applications.


-- 
What I have to say is my own opinion and has no bearing on any other person or
organization including my employer.

They aren't going to leave a loophole as glaring as space mining.  Quite a
few of those people are, when you come right down to it, basically against
industrial civilization.  They won't stop with shutting down the mines here;
that is only a means to an end for them now.

The worst thing you can say to a true revolutionary is that his revolution
is unnecessary, that the problems can be corrected without radical change.
Telling people that paradise can be attained without the revolution is
treason of the vilest kind.

Trying to harness these people to support spaceflight is like trying to
harness a buffalo to pull your plough.  He's got plenty of muscle, all
right, but the furrow will go where he wants, not where you want.
Hi!

Could anyone tell me if it's possible to save each frame
of a .gl (grasp) animation to .gif, .jpg, .iff or any other
picture formats.

(I've got some animations that I'd like to transfer to my Amiga)
 
I really hope that someone can help me.

Cheers

Better idea for use of NASA Shuttle Astronauts and Crew is have them be found
lost in space after a accident with a worm hole or other space/time glitch..

Maybe age Jemison a few years (makeup and such) and have her as the only
survivour of a failed shuttle mission that got lost.. 

Heh of late, they way they have been having shuttle problems in the media,
anything can happen.. 

Imagine a Astronaut/Crew member to find themselves in the 24th Century as the
object of interest of an alien civilization, maybe rescued or helped by the ST
Enterprise...  I know Vegr and such was okay, but this could be better..


    > be the site of major commercial activity. As far as we know it has no
    > materials we can't get cheaper right here on Earth or from asteroids
    > and comets, aside from the semi-mythic He3 that *might* be useful in low
    > grade fusion reactors.

   problem with 3He (aside from the difficulty in making any fusion
   reactor work) is that its concentration in lunar regolith is just so
   small -- on the order of 5 ppb or so, on average (more in some

   This thread reminds me of Wingo's claims some time ago about the moon
   as a source of titanium for use on earth.  As I recall, Wingo wasn't
 ...
   even 1% of the basalts are 5% TiO2, this is trillions of tons of TiO2
   at concentrations only a factor of 2-3 less than in lunar high-Ti
   basalts.  It is difficult to see how the disadvantages of the moon
   could be overcome by such a small increase the concentration of the
   ore (never mind the richer, but less common, terrestrial ores being
   mined today).

Why Paul, it's obvious.
Once chlorine chemistry has been banned on Earth,
as is being advocated by some groups, Ti prices will
sharply increase (we are of course not allowed to
assume any developments in Ti processing).
Lunar Ti will then be eminently competitive for
the trendy jewelry market and certain applications
of National Importance 

:-) :-) :-) 


(oops, this is sci.space... wrong rules of debate ;-)


Seriously, I'd say there is a flaw in Gary's analysis
in that he assumes an export oriented economy, maybe
the lunatics will just want some native Ti for local
use... as to why Lunar natives are cost effective, 
analysis has shown they will be critical in providing
a sheltered manufacturing base, technological innovation,
critical materials and manpower in the war between
the Allies and Central Powers in about two hundred years...

;-)
There is an interesting opinion piece in the business section of today's
LA Times (Thursday April 15, 1993, p. D1).  I thought I'd post it to
stir up some flame wars - I mean reasoned debate.  Let me preface it by
saying that I largely agree that the "Space Age" in the romantic sense
of several decades ago is over, and that projects like the space station
miss the point at this time.  Reading, for example, "What's New" -
the weekly physics update we get here on the net - it's clear that the
romance of the day lies in the ever more fine-grained manipulation of
matter: by which I include biotechnology, condensed matter physics (with
its spinoffs in computer hardware and elsewhere), and the amazing things
people are doing with individual atoms these days.  To a large extent, I
think, the romance some people still have with space is a matter of
nostalgia.  I feel sure that someday we - or more precisely, our "mind
children" - will spread across space (unless we wipe ourselves out); but
I think that *manned* space exploration is not what is exciting about
what we can do *now*.   

Anyway, let me quote some of this article, but not all...


SPACE AGE GLORY FADES FROM VIEW

Micheal Schrage (writer, consultant, and research associate at MIT)

At 35, America's Space Age won't have to suffer through the angst of a
midlife crisis.

The reason is that the Space Age is already dead.  The technologies no
longer define our times, and the public has grown weary of the multibillion
-dollar celestial investments that yield minimal psychic or economic
rewards.  

Space exploration has mutated from a central focuse of America's science
and technology debate into a peripheral issue.  Speace is not a
meaningful part of the ongoing industrial competitiveness debate, our
technology infrastructure discussions or even our defense conversion
policy.  

To be sure, America should continue to invest in satellite technologies
for telecommunications and remote sensing - cheap deep-space probes
would be nice too - but the ideal of space as a meaningful driver of
scientific and industrial innovation is now dead.

.....

Before the change in administrations, it would have been foolish to
write an obituary for the Space Age.  The Bush White House aggressively
supported the space program and proposed spending well over $30 billion
to build space station Freedom alone.

Even as he proposed budget cuts in other science and technology domains,
Office of Management and Budget Director Richard Darman was an outspoken
public champion of big-ticket space expenditures.  The reality that much
of the civilian space program - from the shuttle to the Hubble telescope
to the space station - was poorly conceived and unimpressively
implemented did not seem to matter much.

Political inertia and a nostalgic sense of futurism - not a coherent
vision or cost-effective sensibilities - determined multibillion-dollar
space budgets.

Indeed, with few notable exceptions, such as Voyager, the post-Apollo
era is the story of the gold-plated porkification of space exploration
with programs and promises that delivered less for more and more.  

......

While the Clinton Administration has kept on the highly regarded Daniel
Goldin as administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space
Administration, it seems clear that space exploration is not being
positioned as either a symbolic or substantive centerpiece of America's
technological prowess.  The space station budget has - rightly - been
slashed.  Space is virtually ignored when the Administration champions
its competitiveness agenda.

......
Is there any program available (free or otherwise) for taking a tiff or gif
or some other bitmapped file and turning it (or parts of it) into ascii
characters?

  DOS, OS/2 or platform independent programs if possible.

#In article <93109.231733ISSCCK@BYUVM.BITNET> "Casper C. Knies" <ISSCCK@BYUVM#.B
#>As a Latter-day Saint, I found John's statement *not at all* ludicrous...
#>
#>Please allow me to explain myself.  In 1838, the governor of Missouri,
#>governor Boggs, issued his so-called "Mormon extermination order."  The
#>only crime ("illegal activity") the Latter-day Saints had committed, was
#>their religious affiliation, their anti-slave stance (Missouri still
#>allowed slave practices), and their growing numbers/influence in Missouri.
#>
#>I guess the Mormons "got what they deserved," because they refused to bow
#>to the will of (corrupt and evil) secular authorities. This "disobedience"
#>brought upon them persecution, murder, and finally forced expulsion from
#>their lands and settlements...
#
#It is significant to remember that these secular positions were held by
#"average" people, and that at the time, almost all Americans were pretty
#homogeonously Christian. It was largely the mainstream Christian's disgust
#at such practices as polygamy which resulted in their irrational hatred.

True, but that is exactly the "problem": the Mormon extermination order
was issued not just by a Christian, it was ALLOWED under the Constitution
of the United States, which was instituted precisely to prevent incidents
like this "order" from occurring in the first place...  As I indicated in
an earlier posting, your "irrational hatred" is clearly evidenced by
individuals like Robert Weiss (who could have been Gov. Boggs' Lieutenant;
he would have fitted right in, drewling et al), and seems a modern-day
occurrence, based on results (slander, persecution, misrepresentation,
lies, denying Mormons representation in their own user group, etc. etc.

In intent and purpose, what really has changed?

#The situation is not entirely different today.  Many irrational feelings
#and beliefs are justified through religion.  I don't think most of them
#are started because of religion, but religion certainly helps justify and
#perpetuate prejudices and practices by providing a neat justification
#which discourages critical thought.

True, as evidenced by numerous examples, as I am sure you're aware.

#>In any regard, Mormon history alone indicates that secular authorities (and
#>I don't even discuss how Uthan's were suckered into allowing part of their
#>lands in becoming nerve-gas and atomic bomb testing grounds...) is far from
#>being trusted or righteous.  Have things really changed for the better?  I
#>may be a born cynic, but I have NO reason whatsoever that such has been the
#>case. In the early 1980s, I believe, the late President Kimball (lds church
#>leader) strongly protested federal attempts to locate the MX-"Peace Keeper"
#>missile maze from being built in Utah (yet another "inspired" decision from
#secular authorities).  Fortunately, his opposition was influential enough
#for the feds to back off.
#
#Do you mean that the "secular authorities" are some continuous group of
#people with the common and uninterrupted goal of harrassing/eradicating the
#Mormons?  Do you honestly believe that the main reason for using Utah for
#nuclear testing etc.. was to "get them thar Mormons"?  And what about the
#majority of Uthan's who aren't Mormons?  You seem to be searching for enemy
 ^^^^^^^^
(Correction: the majority of Utahn's ARE Mormon (60-70% I believe, up to a
 100% in many cities and settlements throughout the Western states.)

#conspiracies.  It is paranoid to believe that everything that affects you
#badly must have been done primarily for that purpose.

What I mean is that secular authorities are to be watched, as we believe
that Satan has been given some power and dominion over the earth to divert
truth, judgment, and justice.  In addition, we believe that the adversary
has power to influence the unjust and idolatrous (greed for money would be
a good example) in order to bring about persecution, war, oppression, and
evil combinations.  As an intelligent being, don't you suppose that the
destroyer would yield his influence foremost on those with political power?

As far as Utah is concerned, what I pointed out were some horrible examples
of environmental nightmares imposed upon by secular authorities, which have
brought death, disease, (i.e. the "downwinders") and environmental contami-
nation.  I am hardly "paranoid," I am just not "expecting" too much from a
secular government that may not share our values and faith, and which indeed
(as Gov. Boggs et al.) may be out to harm and destroy us.  As a matter of
fact, prophecies in my church indicate that in future years, (global)
persecution against Mormons will so increase in intensity and scope, that
(paraphrasing) "all those who wish to escape persecution and murder must
flee to Zion."  Zion (the "pure in heart") will be re-established in those
days, and it AIN'T our current secular authorities who will rule over it...

#>...  David Koresh did NOT pose a great
#>threat to the federal authorities or the security of this nation, and with
#>John, I too wonder who or what's next...
#
#I personally feel that we should try to stop anyone who is a threat to the
#life of even one person.  Sure, he did not pose a threat to the security of
#this nation.  But he did pose a threat to the lives of his followers.  That
#much is definite.

Hmmm.  "definite" by whom?  --Until such has been established beyond reason-
able doubt, this alleged "threat" may have been less than the "threat"
imposed upon him and his followers by the BATF and FBI...

#>Who killed who?  What constitutional right did the ATF officers have to
#>invade upon private land and to force themselves into the compound?
#>What REALLY caused the "murder" of the little children?  Could it be that
#>the ATF/FBI presence has any bearing upon the events?  How would you
#>interpret the Mt. Masada events?  --Blame the Jews?  (What the heck did
#>the Romans do there anyway?  What business did the ATF/FBI has in Waco,
#>Texas???)  The Branch Davidians NEVER posed any threat to society.
#
#This is like asking who REALLY caused the deaths of the Israeli Olympic
#team in 1976?  In that case, the police botched the job as well.  But to
#lay a heavier burden on them than the terrorists would be a terrible
#mistake.  I think the same sort of reasoning applies in this case.
#Certainly, if David Koresh chose any peaceful option, the ATF and FBI
#would have complied.  The responsibility is more his than the authorities.

Come now, at issue is in how much the authorities escalated an otherwise
peaceful stand-off: "let's get it over with, and "force" David Koresh to
come out???"  --By gassing them???  Were they naive, or what?  They played
right into the hands of an apocalyptic-thinking individual (he had prepared
his people for this eventuality for years), and not *one* firetruck or plan
was in place to deal with this scenario???  I feel that the authorities
had "some" responsibility to protect their own citizens, even if they were
religious zealots, and guilty of ... not paying a $200 gun license???
(Has the BATF become an extension of the local tax-collectors?)

#>David Koresh, no doubt, will be described as the "evil" guy (by the
#>executioners), while the actions of all those "valiant and brave" officers
#
#Characterizing the ATF/FBI as executioners is inaccurate and unfair.  In
#order to be an executioner, the least one must have done is have the intent
#to kill.

Que?? --Intrusion into private property with semi's, loaded with life
ammunition, isn't that implicit "intent (or at least "prepared") to kill"?
I ask you, would the BATF warrant stand up in a civil court of justice?
I do not mind if criminals (such as dangerous drug lords) are brought to
justice, but escalating events to the point of allowing to, if not compli-
city with, the destruction of a people?

#--
#*Isaac Kuo (isaackuo@math.berkeley.edu)                   *        _____
#*"How lucky you English are to find the toilet so amusing.* ______//_o_\\__
#* For us, it is a mundane and functional item.  For you,  *(==(/___________
#* the basis of an entire culture!" Manfred von Richtofen  * \==\/         \

 Umm, perhaps you could explain what 'rights' we are talking about
here ..
God CAN be seen:
        "And I will take away my hand, and thou shalt see my backparts."
        (Ex. 33:23)
        "And the Lord spake to Moses face to face, as a man speaketh to his
        friend." (Ex. 33:11)
        "For I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."
        (Gen. 32:30)
God CANNOT be seen:
        "No man hath seen God at any time." (John 1:18)
        "And he said, Thou canst not see my face; for there shall no man
        see me and live." (Ex. 33:20)
        "Whom no man hath seen nor can see." (1 Tim. 6:16)
re: majority of users not readding from floppy.
Well, how about those of us who have 1400-picture CD-ROMS and would like to use
CVIEW because it is fast and it works well, but can't because the moron lacked
the foresight to create the temp file in the program's path, not the current
didrectory?


General question: Since the world was discovered to be
round, the definition of Saturday is, if not ambiguous,
at least arbitrary. How would someone answer this?

Also, when the calendar was changed (Gregorian to Julian?)
was the day of the week changed or just the date? Once again
this points to the arbitrariness of the days.

Chris Mussack

Here are some selected excerpts of the invitation/registration form they
sent me. Retyped without permission, all typo's are mine.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Low-Cost Lunar Access: A one-day conference to explore the means and 
benefits of a rejuvenated human lunar program.

Friday, May 7, 1993
Hyatt Regency - Crystal City Hotel
Arlington, VA

ABOUT THE CONFERENCE
The Low-Cost Lunar Access conference will be a forum for the exchange of
ideas on how to initiate and structure an affordable human lunar program.
Inherent in such low-cost programs is the principle that they be 
implemented rapidly and meet their objectives within a short time
frame.

[more deleted]

CONFERENCE PROGRAM (Preliminary)

In the Washington Room:

  9:00 - 9:10 a.m.     Opening Remarks
    Dr. Alan M. Lovelace

  9:10 - 9:30 a.m.     Keynote Address
    Mr. Brian Dailey

  9:30 - 10:00 a.m.    U.S. Policy Outlook
    John Pike, American Federation of Scientists

  A discussion of the prospects for the introduction of a new low-cost
  lunar initiative in view of the uncertain direction the space
  program is taking.

  10:00 - 12:00 noon   Morning Plenary Sessions

  Presentations on architectures, systems, and operational concepts.
  Emphasis will be on mission approaches that produce significant
  advancements beyond Apollo yet are judged to be affordable in the
  present era of severely constrained budgets


In the Potomac Room

  12:00 - 1:30 p.m.    Lunch
    Guest Speaker: Mr. John W. Young,
    NASA Special Assistant and former astronaut

In the Washington Room

  1:30 - 2:00 p.m.     International Policy Outlook
    Ian Pryke (invited)
    ESA, Washington Office

  The prevailing situation with respect to international space 
  commitments, with insights into preconditions for European 
  entry into new agreements, as would be required for a cooperative
  lunar program.

  2:00 - 3:30 p.m.     Afternoon Plenary Sessions

  Presentations on scientific objectives, benefits, and applications.
  Emphasis will be placed on the scientific and technological value
  of a lunar program and its timeliness.


---------------------------------------------------------------------

There is a registration form and the fee is US$75.00. The mail address
is 

     American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
     Dept. No. 0018
     Washington, DC 20073-0018

and the FAX No. is: 

     (202) 646-7508

or it says you can register on-site during the AIAA annual meeting 
and on Friday morning, May 7, from 7:30-10:30


Sounds interesting. Too bad I can't go.


First, thanks to all who replied to my original question.
he


     Are we talking about ColorView for DOS here?  
     I have version 2.0 and it writes the temp files to its own
     current directory.
     What later versions do, I admit that I don't know.
     Assuming your "expert" referenced above is talking about
     the version that I have, then I'd say he is correct.
     Is the ColorView for unix what is being discussed?
     Just mixed up, confused, befuddled, but genuinely and
     entirely curious....

     Uncle Fester





Well, I am not Andy, but if you had familiarized yourself with some of
the current theories/hypotheses about abiogenesis before posting :-), you
would be aware of the fact that none of them claims that proteins were
assembled randomly from amino acids. It is current thinking that RNA-
based replicators came before proteinaceous enzymes, and that proteins
were assembled by some kind of primitive translation machinery.

Now respond to 2. :-)
--Cornelius.
On 15 Apr 1993 22:34:40 GMT, Eric Sieferman observed:

: Christian:  washed in the blood of the lamb.
: Mithraist:  washed in the blood of the bull.

: If anyone in .netland is in the process of devising a new religion,
: do not use the lamb or the bull, because they have already been
: reserved.  Please choose another animal, preferably one not
: on the Endangered Species List.  

How about "washed in the blood of Barney the Dinosaur"?  :)

Kermit Tensmeyer quoted from a few sources and then wrote something.
I will attempt to construct a facsimile of what was previously said, and 
then address Kermit's offering.

John Redelfs originally wrote...

  jr> I learned that a man cannot frustrate justice by repenting on his
  jr> death bed because repentance is more than a feeling of remorse.  It
  jr> requires faith in Christ proven by following him, by keeping his
  jr> commandments.  Such cannot be accomplished on ones deathbed.

Tom Albrecht responded...

  ta> So Jesus must have lied to the thief on the cross.

John Redelfs wrote back that...

  jr> Paradise and salvation are not the same thing.  Salvation is better.
  jr> Refer to John 14:2.

I responded to John that...

  rw>    I don't see the effort to equate salvation with paradise.
  rw>
  rw>    Rather, I see implied the fact that only those who are saved
  rw> may enter paradise.

To which Kermit wrote...

kt> Incomplete reference:
kt>
kt> See also the discussion: Did Jesus go into Hell in the BibleStudy group
kt> for the arguments that Paradise and Hell(sheol) are places after death
kt> The discussion (no LDS were involved as far as I could see) argued using
kt> standard Christian argument from the Bible that pretty much support the
kt> LDS position.
kt>
kt>    Christ went to paridise after his death and burial.
kt>
kt>    He taught the prisoners and freed them from Darkness.
kt>
kt>    When he was resurrected, he had not yet ascended to his father.
kt>
kt> The arguement centered around what was or wasn't the proper biblical
kt> terms for those places.

     I respond.

     The question that was raised was not if Jesus went to infernal Paradise
     before entering into heaven. No one has made a point for or against 
     that issue, nor have they compared the LDS position against orthodox
     belief. The infernal paradise is held to be Abraham's bosom (Luke 16), 
     the place of the righteous dead in sheol (equivalent to hades).

     The point that was raised by John was that someone could not repent
     on their death bed. Tom Albrecht pointed to a Biblical example that was
     contradictory to what John's position put forward. The thief on the 
     cross was promised by Christ to be with Him in Paradise, the abode of 
     the righteous dead. John's position possibly needs to be reworked.
     Kermit needs to address the topic at hand.

Okay, I've received a whole lot of requests for the movie, so for
simplicity's sake I can't mail out any more than I've already received (as
of 16:30 EDT, Tuesday).  Maybe it'll pop up on a site sooner or later.


My impression is that *for advanced work* you will be much better off with
German reference works (lexicons, concordances especially).  For a first-time
encounter, my *personal* preference would be to deal with a textbook written in
my native language.  But if you know German and are in Germany, pick up all the
reference books you think you can handle.  (I only know these works by
reputation, since my German is most rusty, but I'd look at the following books:
Koehler's lexicon, Mandeldern's concordance, the Jenni & Westermann theological
dictionary of the OT.)


The amount of language instruction available at US seminaries varies widely,
mostly depending on the denominational heritage of the school.  Presbyterian
and Reformed seminaries probably place a lot more emphasis on the biblical
languages than others.  (Of course, any divinity school that has a doctoral
program in biblical studies is going to have extensive language resources!  But
there are quite a few masters-degree-granting seminaries here at which the
attitude seems to be more, "Well, if you're *really* interested we'll give you
a semester-long course, but we don't understand why . . .")
Hi ... Recently I found XV for MS-DOS in a subdirectory of GNU-CC (GNUISH). I 
use frequently XV on a Sun Spark Station 1 and I never had problems, but when I
start it on my computer with -h option, it display the help menu and when I
start it with a GIF-File my Hard disk turns 2 or 3 seconds and the prompt come
back.

My computer is a little 386/25 with copro, 4 Mega rams, Tseng 4000 (1M) running
MS-DOS 5.0 with HIMEM.SYS and no EMM386.SYS. I had the GO32.EXE too... but no
driver who run with it.

Do somenone know the solution to run XV ??? any help would be apprecied..
		
	Thanx in advance !!!! 
             
-- 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
*								    *
*  Pascal PERRET     		|	perret@eicn.etna.ch         *
*  Ecole d'ingnieur ETS	|	(Not Available at this time)*
*  2400 Le LOCLE		|				    *
*  Suisse 							    *
*		     !!!! Enjoy COMPUTER !!!!			    *
*								    *
Hi,
  
  I'm writing a science fiction script and I'm looking for some
answers to questions regarding the Moon and Earth. My starting point
is an impossible situation.  [I checked with a professor at berkeley
and his response was a VERY helpful "can't happen".] If you enjoy
playing with unusual ideas and are willing answer some questions
please contact me via e-mail (jennise@dgi.com).

  I get extremely annoyed when screen and tele-plays ignore basic
facts about computers that I'm determined to be as scientifically
accurate as I can.


  Sorry for being vague, but I'd like to protect my idea as much as I
can until I'm ready to sell it (hopefully).

If I'm not mistaken, this is the usual sort of precaution against loss of
communications.  That timer is counting down continuously; if it ever hits
zero, that means Galileo hasn't heard from Earth in a suspiciously long
time and it may be Galileo's fault... so it's time to go into a fallback
mode that minimizes chances of spacecraft damage and maximizes chances
of restoring contact.  I don't know exactly what-all Galileo does in such
a situation, but a common example is to switch receivers, on the theory
that maybe the one you're listening with has died.
What are the main advantages of this method?  I have seen it described, and
the algiorithm seems a  little bit long.  I developed my own method, which
requires that the points be in a counter-clockwise order, and returns
whether you are looking at the back or the front, similar to the plane eqn
method.  It uses few calculations however, basically it is several
comparisons.  The only disadvantage I see is that it must be done after the
transformation from view coordinates to coordinates to display on the
screen, which means that a little more calculation isneeded beforehand.  My
method basically figures out whether the points that will appear on the
screen are clockwise or counterclockwise.  When looking at the back of
something, the points occur in an opposite direction from the front, so
merely by figuring out which way the points go, you can tell whether you are
looking at the back or front of a 2d polygon.  Has anyone heard of this
method before?  It is so simple, I doubt i am the first to think of it.

Libertarian, atheist, semi-anarchal Techno-Rat.

I've got the 6.0 spec (obviously since I quoted it in my last posting). 
My gripe about TIFF is that it's far too complicated and nearly
infinitely easier to write than to read, which I think hurts your
acceptance by anything that will need to read those images (e.g.,
paint programs).

In a nutshell, I don't think TIFF is salvageable unless the fat is
trimmed significantly- and then it wouldn't be TIFF anymore.  They
keep trying to cut it back, but it's late now.  Maybe they >will< fix it,
and change that magic number to signify the lack of compatibility. 
That would probably make me happy.
The story I related is one of the seven apparitions
approved by our Church as worthy of belief.  It happened
in La Salle, France.

The moral lesson of the story is:

The Lamb of God has been sacrificed and His blood has 
been used to cleanse us of our sins every moment as God perceives
worthy of being done in Heaven.  Mary weeps for The Lamb and
for the rest of her offsprings.  This will continue while we 
disobey God or sin against Him.  Mary, as a messenger, 
has been given the task to make us be 'aware' of the evil
serpent (communism, wars, famine, unfaithful, disobedience
to God, etc.) running after the rest of her offsprings.   
The children who went astray by disobedience led by the dragon is 
brought back by her peace and loving messages, reparations for sins, 
to obey God's commandments and be more worthy to be in the presence 
of The Lamb.

As she was conceived without sin to be worthy of bearing the
Son of God in her womb, Mary has been preparing us, the Church,
the Body of Christ, for His second coming (making sure we are 
protected from the dragon).  Also, she has been preparing the new 
Eden, by reversing the deed of the ancient Eve.  The new Eden will be
the sanctuary of the righteous as judged by Christ in His
next coming.
    
I relate the story again:
    I believe this and Mary, in one of her apparitions  
    in 19th or 20th century, she appeared to these      
    two children who tends goats and cows (I forgot     
    the exact place).  She was  weeping and telling the 
    children that she is afraid she's "going to lose her
    Son's arm".  She is mourning too for these          
    townfolks because it was their fault that there     
    would be drought in their harvest; not much good    
    food again this year as it was last year.           
                                                        
    Mary tells the children:                            
*    Most of the townfolks in this place worked whole    *
*    week even on Sundays when they should be in church  *
*    honoring God.  These townfolks swears and           *
*    uses her Son's name in bad words.  That is          *
    why her Son's arm is so heavy in pain.              
    Then she asked them if they pray.  The children     
    said "hardly".  She asked them to pray every        
    morning and night.  When the children went back     
    from work they had to tell somebody about this.     
    When the news was spred and after thorough          
*    investigation of the incident, the townfolks        *
*    were converted and faith and obedience to God       *
*    were restored in their community.                   *


Once again, the Lamb succeeds.






	Good point -- it is very true that these "false" predictions are
dangerous--we are warned (more than once) in scripture about false prophtets.

	However, as is often the case with other issues, one cannot let those
who falsly report such "visions" as a reason against believing in any of them
(I did not get the impression you were asserting this, by the way...I consider
my response not so much a response to your posting but a response to the topic
as a whole).

	Example:  The Appearances of Mary at Fatima, Portugal in 1917.

	Among other things, she predicted the conversion of Russia to Atheism
	(something that happened less than a year later w/ the Bolshevik
	revolution).  She also predicted the second world war (that is, predicte	predicted that it would occur during the papacy of a certain pope, who
	was not the current one.  It happened just like she said.)

	She warned there would be "fire in the sky" as a warning that the 
	second world war was about to start.  About a week before Germany
	invaded, weathermen (and women, I suppose) all over Europe, from
	England to Spain to Eastern Europe, reported the most spectacular
	reddish color in the sky ever recorded.  To this day some try to 
	explain it off as the northern lights, and the relation to Mary's
	prediction simply coincidence.  You all can decide for yourselves.

	Mary predicted that the Atheistic Russia would spread her evils all
	over the world and persecute religion.  

	She said many other things as well, too numerous to list here.  Every
	single one has been realized.  	One can only use the term "coincidence"
	so many times in the same explanation before its use becomes 
	ridiculous.  

	SO...yes, there are many false prophets and many false reports. There
	are true ones, too.  We must always remain open to that.  Fatima was
	one example.  There is another one, currently occuring--the 
	apparitions that have been taking place at Medjurgorje, Yugoslavia
	(or whatever its called now).  Mary has been appearing every day for
	eleven years now.  It's time the world started listening.
This might a real wierd idea or maybe not..

I have seen where people have blown up ballons then sprayed material into them
that then drys and makes hard walls...

Why not do the same thing for a space station..

Fly up the docking rings and baloon materials and such, blow up the baloons,
spin then around (I know a problem in micro gravity) let them dry/cure/harden?
and cut a hole for the docking/attaching ring and bingo a space station..

Of course the ballons would have to be foil covered or someother radiation
protective covering/heat shield(?) and the material used to make the wals would
have to meet the out gasing and other specs or atleast the paint/covering of
the inner wall would have to be human safe.. Maybe a special congrete or maybe
the same material as makes caplets but with some changes (saw where someone
instea dof water put beer in the caplet mixture, got a mix that was just as
strong as congret but easier to carry around and such..)

Sorry for any spelling errors, I missed school today.. (grin)..

Why musta  space station be so difficult?? why must we have girders? why be
confined to earth based ideas, lets think new ideas, after all space is not
earth, why be limited by earth based ideas??

I posted my public-domain MSDOS program "sunlight.zip" to "sci.astro" yesterday.
It easily locates the sun, moon, and planets, and can also be used to
locate other objects if you input their Right Ascesion and Declination.
Use "uudecode" to extract.


-- 
  
        Robert Sheaffer - Scepticus Maximus - sheaffer@netcom.com
  
 Past Chairman, The Bay Area Skeptics - for whom I speak only when authorized!

         "Marxism and feminism are one and that one is Marxism"

Allen, sometimes I think you're OK.  And sometimes you tend to rashly leap into
making statement without thinking them out. 

Wanna guess which today?

You'd need to launch HLVs to send up large amounts of stuff.  Do you know 
of a private Titan pad? 


I have 19 (2 MB worth!) uuencode'd GIF images contain charts outlining
one of the many alternative Space Station designs being considered in
Crystal City.  Mr. Mark Holderman works down the hall from me, and can
be reached for comment at (713) 483-1317, or via e-mail at
mholderm@jscprofs.nasa.gov.

Mark proposed this design, which he calls "Geode" ("rough on the
outside, but a gem on the inside") or the "ET Strongback with
integrated hab modules and centrifuge."  As you can see from file
geodeA.gif, it uses a Space Shuttle External Tank (ET) in place of much
of the truss which is currently part of Space Station Freedom.  The
white track on the outside of the ET is used by the Station Remonte
Manipulator System (SRMS) and by the Reaction Control System (RCS)
pod.  This allows the RCS pod to move along the track so that thrusting
can occur near the center of gravity (CG) of the Station as the mass
properties of the Station change during assembly.

The inline module design allows the Shuttle to dock more easily because
it can approach closer to the Station's CG and at a structurally strong
part of the Station.  In the current SSF design, docking forces are
limited to 400 pounds, which seriously constrains the design of the
docking system.

The ET would have a hatch installed pre-flight, with little additional
launch mass.  We've always had the ability to put an ET into orbit
(contrary to some rumors which have circulated here), but we've never
had a reason to do it, while we have had some good reasons not to
(performance penalties, control, debris generation, and eventual
de-orbit and impact footprint).  Once on-orbit, we would vent the
residual H2.  The ET insulation (SOFI) either a) erodes on-orbit from
impact with atomic Oxygen, or b) stays where it is, and we deploy a
Kevlar sheath around it to protect it and keep it from contaminating
the local space environment.  Option b) has the advantage of providing
further micrometeor protection.  The ET is incredibly strong (remember,
it supports the whole stack during launch), and could serve as the
nucleus for a much more ambitious design as budget permits.

The white module at the end of ET contains a set of Control Moment
Gyros to be used for attitude control, while the RCS will be used
for gyro desaturation.  The module also contains a de-orbit system
which can be used at the end of the Station's life to perform a
controlled de-orbit (so we don't kill any more kangaroos, like we
did with Skylab).

The centrifuge, which has the same volume as a hab module, could be
used for long-term studies of the effects of lunar or martian gravity
on humans.  The centrifuge will be used as a momentum storage device
for the whole attitude control system.  The centrifuge is mounted on
one of the modules, opposite the ET and the solar panels.

This design uses most of the existing SSF designs for electrical,
data and communication systems, getting leverage from the SSF work
done to date.

Mark proposed this design at Joe Shea's committee in Crystal City,
and he reports that he was warmly received.  However, the rumors
I hear say that a design based on a wingless Space Shuttle Orbiter
seems more likely.

Please note that this text is my interpretation of Mark's design;
you should see his notes in the GIF files.  

Instead of posting a 2 MB file to sci.space, I tried to post these for
anon-FTP in ames.arc.nasa.gov, but it was out of storage space.  I'll
let you all know when I get that done.

-- Ken Jenks, NASA/JSC/GM2, Space Shuttle Program Office
      kjenks@gothamcity.jsc.nasa.gov  (713) 483-4368

  Lev 17:11: For the life of the flesh is in the blood, and I have given
  it to you upon the altar to make atonement for your souls; for it is
  the blood that makes atonement for the soul.

The Old Testament was very big on the "eye for an eye" business.  It
makes sense that Leviticus would support physical injury to "repay"
moral wrongdoing.

I know about sanctification.  I've been taught all about it in Sunday
school, catechism class, and theology classes.  But even after all
that, I still can't accept it.  Maybe I'm still not understanding it,
or maybe I'm just understanding it all too well.

From the bottom of my heart I know that the punishment of an innocent
man is wrong.  I've tried repeatedly over the course of several years
to accept it, but I just can't.  If this means that I can't accept the
premise that a god who would allow this is 'perfectly good', then so
be it.


If you can explain to me why the death of Jesus was a *good* thing,
then I would be very glad to hear it, and you might even convert me.
Be warned, however, that I've heard all the most common arguments
before, and they just don't convince me.

I've recently got hold of a PC with an S3 card in it, and I'd like to do some
C programming with it, are there any libraries out there that will let me
access the high resolution modes available via Borland Turbo C?
Kent: With all due respect, how can I take you seriously, when you have
the NAMES wrong in the 1st place? E.g.:


	There is no such thing. The correct name is Ancient & Mystical
Order Rosae Crucis, abbreviated AMORC.


	There is no such thing either. It's the Rosicrucian Fellowship.
And they clearly state that they DO NOT pretend to descend from the
Order of the Fama Fraternitatis.


The Lectorium? And who else?


These are NOT Rosicrucian "orders". They are Masonic study groups, none
of which *claims* to be descendant of the original Order.

What is ORC? If you mean AMORC, you didn't even learn the correct
name?!
There is a guy in NASA Johnson Space Center  that might answer 
your question. I do not have his name right now but if you follow 
up I can dig that out for you.

C.O.Egalon@larc.nasa.gov




Strictly speaking, you're right - we can't repent _for_ somebody else,
for what they've done.  I guess I don't think it's out of line to talk
about a generalized repentence for our contribution to or participation
in "The sins of society" , or for our tacit approval (by our silence) of
sinful attitudes or practices....it may be that we're also just plain
begging for mercy, hoping God will withhold his hand of judgement on
our whole country for the sake of a few, much as Abraham sought to do
for the sake of Lot.  (Hmmm, the results there were pretty cautionary...)

A few times lately when I've observed some either out-and-out sinful 
activity, or just some self-destructive activity, I've gotten a strong
impression that many folks really don't know any better.  Christ's pity
on the crowds as being "like sheep without a shepherd" rings true to me.
If these folks don't have a clue, do I bear _any_ responsibility for my
not having communicated a better way?  Worse still; have I expressed 
judgement and disgust at their doings, and thus alienated them from any 
positive relationship whereby I might pass along anything positive?  
I _know_ I've got something to repent about on that score.

Anyway, it's a real interesting question.  
(Frank DeCenso)


How incredibly fucking stupid.  Of *course* the text is referring to the city
itself (buildings, bricks, mortar, etc.)  Otherwise it makes no sense to
refer to the future of Tyre as being reduced to nothing but a _place_ to spread 
fishing nets.

Too many clues, not enough substance.  You ask a lot of
good questions, though, but they are questions *you* should
be worried about, not me.  I'm not the inerrantist here.

Let me know when you are ready to get serious.
Hi everyone,

I thought that some people may be interested in my VR
software on these groups:

*******Announcing the release of Multiverse-1.0.2*******

Multiverse is a multi-user, non-immersive, X-Windows based Virtual Reality
system, primarily focused on entertainment/research.

Features:

   Client-Server based model, using Berkeley Sockets.
   No limit to the number of users (apart from performance).
   Generic clients.
   Customizable servers.
   Hierachical Objects (allowing attachment of cameras and light sources).
   Multiple light sources (ambient, point and spot).
   Objects can have extension code, to handle unique functionality, easily
        attached.

Functionality:

  Client:
   The client is built around a 'fast' render loop. Basically it changes things
   when told to by the server and then renders an image from the user's
   viewpoint. It also provides the server with information about the user's
   actions - which can then be communicated to other clients and therefore to
   other users.

   The client is designed to be generic - in other words you don't need to
   develop a new client when you want to enter a new world. This means that
   resources can be spent on enhancing the client software rather than adapting
   it. The adaptations, as will be explained in a moment, occur in the servers.

   This release of the client software supports the following functionality:

    o Hierarchical Objects (with associated addressing)

    o Multiple Light Sources and Types (Ambient, Point and Spot)

    o User Interface Panels

    o Colour Polygonal Rendering with Phong Shading (optional wireframe for
	faster frame rates)

    o Mouse and Keyboard Input

   (Some people may be disappointed that this software doesn't support the
   PowerGlove as an input device - this is not because it can't, but because
   I don't have one! This will, however, be one of the first enhancements!)

  Server(s):
   This is where customization can take place. The following basic support is
   provided in this release for potential world server developers:

    o Transparent Client Management

    o Client Message Handling

   This may not sound like much, but it takes away the headache of
accepting and
   terminating clients and receiving messages from them - the
application writer
   can work with the assumption that things are happening locally.

   Things get more interesting in the object extension functionality. This is
   what is provided to allow you to animate your objects:

    o Server Selectable Extension Installation:
        What this means is that you can decide which objects have extended
        functionality in your world. Basically you call the extension
        initialisers you want.

    o Event Handler Registration:
        When you develop extensions for an object you basically write callback
        functions for the events that you want the object to respond to.
        (Current events supported: INIT, MOVE, CHANGE, COLLIDE & TERMINATE)

    o Collision Detection Registration:
        If you want your object to respond to collision events just provide
        some basic information to the collision detection management software.
        Your callback will be activated when a collision occurs.

    This software is kept separate from the worldServer applications because
    the application developer wants to build a library of extended objects
    from which to choose.

    The following is all you need to make a World Server application:

    o Provide an initWorld function:
        This is where you choose what object extensions will be supported, plus
        any initialization you want to do.

    o Provide a positionObject function:
        This is where you determine where to place a new client.

    o Provide an installWorldObjects function:
        This is where you load the world (.wld) file for a new client.

    o Provide a getWorldType function:
        This is where you tell a new client what persona they should have.

    o Provide an animateWorld function:
        This is where you can go wild! At a minimum you should let the objects
        move (by calling a move function) and let the server sleep for a bit
        (to avoid outrunning the clients).

    That's all there is to it! And to prove it here are the line counts for the
    three world servers I've provided:

        generic - 81 lines
        dactyl - 270 lines (more complicated collision detection due to the
                           stairs! Will probably be improved with future
                           versions)
        dogfight - 72 lines

Location:

   This software is located at the following site:
   ftp.u.washington.edu

   Directory:
   pub/virtual-worlds

   File:
   multiverse-1.0.2.tar.Z

Futures:

   Client:

    o Texture mapping.

    o More realistic rendering: i.e. Z-Buffering (or similar), Gouraud shading

    o HMD support.

    o Etc, etc....

   Server:

    o Physical Modelling (gravity, friction etc).

    o Enhanced Object Management/Interaction

    o Etc, etc....

   Both:

    o Improved Comms!!!

I hope this provides people with a good understanding of the Multiverse
software,
unfortunately it comes with practically zero documentation, and I'm not sure
whether that will ever be able to be rectified! :-(

I hope people enjoy this software and that it is useful in our explorations of
the Virtual Universe - I've certainly found fascinating developing it, and I
would *LOVE* to add support for the PowerGlove...and an HMD :-)!!

Finally one major disclaimer:

This is totally amateur code. By that I mean there is no support for this code
other than what I, out the kindness of my heart, or you, out of pure
desperation, provide. I cannot be held responsible for anything good or bad
that may happen through the use of this code - USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK!

Disclaimer over!

Of course if you love it, I would like to here from you. And anyone with
POSITIVE contributions/criticisms is also encouraged to contact me. Anyone who
hates it: > /dev/null!

************************************************************************
*********
And if anyone wants to let me do this for a living: you know where to
write :-)!
************************************************************************
*********

Thanks,

Robert.

[lotsa stuff taken out]

Bottom line: due process was not served.  No peaceful attempt to serve
a warrant occurred.

Think on that.

I've used that reference, and found that I needed to go to their
original tech report:

	Maureen Stone and Tony DeRose,
	"Characterizing Cubic Bezier Curves"
	Xerox  EDL-88-8, December 1988

This report can be obtained for free from:
Xerox Corporation
Palo Alto Research Center
3333 Coyote Hill Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
+1-415-494-4440

The TOG paper was good, but this tech report had more interesting details ;-)
The real problem w/ the Stealth from what I've heard is that Diamond won't
tell anyone how to program their proprietary clock stuff, so X under Linux
and 386BSD won't run....

I need the file format for cc:Mail file formats - it seems to be PCX-based,
but with a twist: only the first page of a multi-page fax will come out
readable. The other pages disappear. The format seems to be 'proprietary'.

Anybody got any clues? I have to give my email FAXes to my secretary in
order to get 'em unscrambled. I want a filter from cc:Mail to .p[nb]m.

Come to think of it, p[nb]m to cc:Mail would be nice too.



Good thing i stuck in a couple of question marks up there.

I seem to recall, somebody built  or at least proposed a wasp waisetd
Passenger civil transport.  I thought it was a 727,  but maybe it
was a DC- 8,9???   Sure it had a funny passenger compartment,
but on the other hand  it seemed to save fuel.

I thought Area rules  applied even before transonic speeds,  just
not as badly.
INteresting question about Galileo.

Galileo's HGA  is stuck.   

The HGA was left closed,  because galileo  had a venus flyby.

If the HGA were pointed att he sun,  near venus,  it would
cook the foci elements.

question:  WHy couldn't Galileo's  course manuevers have been
designed such that the HGA  did not ever do a sun point.?

After all,  it would normally be aimed at earth anyway?

or would it be that an emergency situation i.e. spacecraft safing
and seek might have caused an HGA sun point?


One interpretation I've heard of this verse is that it refers to the sin 
of physically abusing one's wife.  The husband is usually physically 
stronger than his wife but is not permitted to use this to dominate her.  
He must honor her as his sister in Christ.  This would therefore be an 
example of a specific sin that blocks prayer.

This verse also makes me think of the kind of husband who decides what 
is God's will for his family without consulting his wife.  God reveals 
His will to both the husband and the wife.  There needs to be some 
degree of mutuality in decision making.  Even those whose understanding 
of the Bible leads to a belief in an authoritarian headship of the 
husband need to incorporate this in order to have a functional family.  
One way to look at it is that God speaks to the wife through the husband 
and to the husband through the wife.

I've been following discussions about the Delta Clipper program, and I
have one small question.  As I understand it, the DC-X derived orbital
vehicle (DC-Y & 1) is to reenter the atmosphere sort of sideways, not
completely nose-first.  So why is the DC-Y look symmetric in every drawing
I've seen?  I would think that an asymmetric design, sort of like 
wingless Orbiter, may work better, since less shielding is required on the
top side.  Can anybody explain?  

- Ken Kobayashi
kkobayas@husc.harvard.edu

-- 
 
 
I read somewhere, I think in Morton Smith's _Jesus the Magician_, that
old Lazarus wasn't dead, but going in the tomb was part of an initiation
rite for a magi-cult, of which Jesus was also a part.   It appears that
a 3-day stay was normal.   I wonder .... ?



Exactly. 

C. S. Lewis has taken a couple of pretty severe hits in this group lately.
First somebody was accusing him of being self-righteous and unconvincing.
Now we are told that we Christians should be embarrassed by him. (As well
as by Josh McDowell, about whom I have no comment, having never read his
work.)

Anyone who thinks that C. S. Lewis was self-righteous ought to read his
introduction to The Problem of Pain, which is his theodicy. In it, he
explains that he wanted to publish the book anonymously. Why? Although he
believed in the argument he was presenting, he did not want to seem to
presume to tell others how brave they should be in the face of their own
suffering. He did not want people to think that he was presenting himself
as some kind of model of fortitude, or that he was anything other than what
he considered himself to be -- "a great coward." 

OFM has adequately handled the question of whether we ought to be
embarrassed by Lewis' liar/lunatic/lord argument (which, by the way, is
part of a *much* bigger discourse.) I would just like to add that, far from
being embarrassed by Lewis, I am in a state of continual amazement at the
soundness and clarity of the arguments he presents. 

- Phil -


Phew! That takes a load off. I don't want to live forever.  I wish
most Christians held this view.  You can't walk across campus in
spring without being assailed by fire-and-brimstone preachers.  I
really think the metaphor should be limited, at least with respect to
teaching our children.  It's criminal to put these ideas into a young
and trusting mind.  Besides, why not rely on the positive aspects of
your religion to win their faith?
 
-Tim 
: A very kind soul has mailed me this reply for the bugs in CView.
: Since he isn't in the position to post this himself, he asked me to post
: it for him, but to leave his name out. So here it comes:
: 
: CView has quite a number of bugs.  The one you mention is perhaps the most
:
A stupid question, but what will CView run on and where can I get it? I
am still in need of a GIF viewer for Linux. (Without X-Windows.)
Thanks!
 


There was a recession, and none of the potential entrants could raise any
money.  The race organizers were actually supposed to be handling part of
the fundraising, but the less said about that the better.
HELP   MY FRIEND AND I HAVE A CLASS PROJECT IN WHICH WE ARE TRYING TO MAKE
    A COMPUTER ANIMATED MOVIE OF SORTS WITH THE DISNEY ANIMATION AND WOULD
    LIKE TO PUT WHAT WE HAVE ON A VCR IS THIS POSSIBLE?  IS IT EASY AND
    RELATIVELY CHEAP? IF SO HOW? WE BOTH HAVE 386 IBM COMPATIBLES BUT ARE
    RELATIVELY CLUELESS WITH COMPUTERS IF YOU COULD HELP PLEASE DO.

                                THANX.
-- 
BRANT RITTER
-----------------------------------------------------
moshing--   "a cosmic cesspool of physical delight."
                                  -A. Kiedas
                                     RHCP
ZOROASTRIANISM
SAN JOSE, CA, USA
Monday April 5, 1993
San Jose Mercury News, Page 1
     [Reproduced without permission]

_3,700-year tradition still glows - 
           'Assimilation in U.S. threatens ancient Zoroastrian religion'_

By Jeanne Huber, Mercury News Staff Writer

   HIGH ON A HILLSIDE above San Jose, flames leap up 24 hours a day from a
gleaming brass urn in a temple - one of only four in the United States -
dedicated to one of the world's most ancient religions.

   With the flames go the prayers of about 1,200 Bay Area Zoroastrians that
their faith will survive this land.

   "There is a fear - a real fear, too," said Silloo Tarapore of Lafayette.
"We have one generation to do it or to die."

   Many immigrant groups struggle to maintain an identity in a strange land.
But for Zoroastrians, it is an especially poignant concern.

   Their religion has been around for perhaps 3,700 years, a heritage so deep
it scarcely seems comprehensible in a state where "historical sites" are
sometimes less than 100 years old.  It was the religion of the great Persian
Empire under kings Cyrus and Darius.  And tradition says that when Christ
was born about 500 years later, he was honored by a visit from three
Zoroastrian priests, the Magi.  Scholars say many key beliefs of Christians,
Jews and Muslims can be traced to the teachings of Zoroaster, the
Zoroastrian prophet.

   Yet, with only about 150,000 Zoroastrians in the entire world, they are 
a miniscule minority in every country in which they live.  Survival as a
people is very much on their minds.

   Ironically, local Zoroastrians fear that the almost unlimited tolerance
of the United States may do what hundreds of years of persecution followed
by nearly 1,000 years of benign religious segregation could not do: cause
their young people to stop thinking of themselves as Zoroastrians.

   Zoroastrians do not believe theirs is the only right religion, and they
actually shun the notion of trying to win converts.  So if their children
become totally assimilated, they say, it's their children - rather than
the world at large - who will be the losers.

   "It's important to have an identity," said Maneck Bhujwaia of San Jose,
a leader among Zoroastrians who came here from India.  "It's important
for everybody - Irish, Scottish, Americans.  It gives meaning to life.
You don't have to depend on the majority community to give you respect.
You can fall back on your own identity."

   For Zoroastrians, there's much to be proud of.

   Their prophet, Zoroaster, seeking to make sense of a culture in which
animal sacrifice to multiple gods was common, preached that there was
only one god, a good one.  Zoroastrians call their god Ahura Mazda, which
translates as Lord of Wisdom and Light.

_Good vs. evil_

   Zoroaster saw life as a constant struggle between good and evil, with
the good eventually winning.  Men and women could join in the battle for
good, he said, and he warned that they would inevitably suffer consequences
such as shame and sorrow if they did wrong.  He preached honesty, charity,
kindness to animals, respect for the environment, hard work, equality of
men and women - basic virtues preached by prophets of many religions.

   But Zoroaster was perhaps unusual in that he told his followers not to
follow him blindly.  He demanded they think for themselves.  In fact,
Joseph Campbell, the famous scholar of the history and meaning of myths,
traced the Western emphasis on individual thought to the Zoroastrians.

   Zoroastrians have many words for thought.  Their motto, leaded into a
stained glass window over the sacred fire at the temple on the slopes of
Mount Hamilton, is "Good thoughts, good words, good deeds."

   So it's not surprising that Zoroastrians value education highly.  In India,
where a contingent of Zoroastrians arrived in the ninth century to escape
persecution by Muslims in Iran, Zoroastrians claim 100 percent literacy;
the overall statistic in India is just 60 percent.

   About half of the Bay Area Zoroastrian community came here from India
and Pakistan, mostly to study at universities.  The other half fled from
Iran after the 1979 revolution made that a fundamentalist Islamic state
where others had no rights.

   Local Zoroastrians point with pride to ways their emphasis on "good
deeds" has improved life in every country they inhabit.  In San Jose,
the recent restoration of the Hotel Sainte Clarie came about because
Manou Mobedshahi, a San Francisco-based hotelier, passed the boarded-up
downtown landmark on his way to and from the temple.  At the temple's
dedication, the chief guest of honor was the mother of Zubin Mehta, the
Zoroastrian conductor of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra.

   The temple exists because of another good deed: the decision by an
Iranian emigre, the late Arbab Rustom Guiv, to buy land for six temples
in North America.  Besides the 10-acre site off Crothers Road on Mount
Hamilton, he paid for land in Los Angeles, Chicago, New York, Toronto,
and Vancouver.  Until his gifts, there were no Zoroastrian temples on
this continent.

   Local Zoroastrians raised money to build the actual temple, and the
property already had a large house that they have converted to a
community center.

   The temple, dedicated a year ago on the birthday of the prophet 
Zoroaster, is a simple structure with gleaming white walls, vaulted 
ceilings and oak floors, partially covered with huge Oriental carpets.

   Its central feature is the fire, set in the middle of a partly-glassed-
in area at the center of the building.  Although Zoroastrians are 
sometimes called "fire worshippers," they actually consider fire just 
a symbol of God.  "It helps us concentrate, just like Christians use the 
cross and Muslims use the Holy Book," Bhujwala said.

   The biggest celebration of the years occurs in early spring.  For all
Iranians, including Zoroastrians, the New Year begins on the first day of
the season because of its symbolism as the start of new life.  With
Zoroaster's birthday just six days later, the combination of religious
and secular holidays creates something on par with what most of the
United States celebrates between Christmas and Jan. 1.

  For this year's celebration of the prophet's birthday, about 500 people
came to worship and revel.

   "The good things in life are not forbidden," Esfandiar Anoushiravani,
a leader of the Iranian members, had said beforehand, and what followed
proved him right.

   Inside the temple, worshipers filled every chair and sat or stood
around the edges of the room as about a half-dozen priests chanted
thanksgiving prayers around a table laden with braziers of smoking
sandalwood, glasses of milk and water, and a tray heaped with dried fruit
and nuts.

   Kids crowded around, grabbing handfuls of the treats.  "People eat the
fruit," Tarapore said.  "It's a way to participate in the ceremony."

_Santa Claus, sort of_

   The gathering even had a Santa Claus, Iranian style.  With flowing white
hair and a bag of gifts for the children, this Amownaroz wore green
symbolic of spring) and red.

   He was ushed in by a sort of spring clown, Hajefyrouz, who danced and
played a tambourine.

   The Zoroastrians from India were charmed.  "This is all new for us, too,"
one told a visitor who asked what was going on.

   A visitor, John A. Sabanovich of Folsom, said he became intrigued with
the religion years ago while on business trips to Iran.  Zoroastrians have
no procedure for accepting converts - a result, some say, of their
centuries of persecution in Iran followed by their promise to the Hindu
king who allowed them into India that they would not interfere with his
people's religion.

   But that does not stop Sabavich from joining in the celebrations at the
San Jose temple whenever he can.

   "When I first heard about this religion," he said, "I thought, my God,
this is what a religion should be.  They think for themselves and do good.

   "People who don't have a tradition, something to lean on, what's the
difference with the lower animals?"

'Illumination and Color in Computer Generated Imagery' by Roy Hall contains c
source for several famous illumination models, including Bouknight, Phong,
Blinn, Whitted, and Hall illumination models. If you want an introduction to
shading you might look through the book 'Writing a Raytracer' edited by
Glassner. Also, the book 'Procedural elements for Computer Graphics' by Rogers
is a good reference. Source for code in these book are available on the net i 
believe, you might check out nic.funet.fi or some site closer to you carrying 
graphics related stuff. 

Hope this is what you were asking for.
-- 
Torgeir Veimo

Studying at the University of Bergen

"...I'm gona wave my freak flag high!" (Jimi Hendrix)




You also have a severe problem with news headers.

FTP to cs.purdue.edu:pub/vanecek and pull proxima.tar.Z
and proxima.ps.Z.  Tres spif.

-- 


Please cite your evidence that he was intending to use it.


Why not?


Check the sig.


Society does not have rights only individuals have rights.


OK, your a commie.


You think you have a right to rape anyone? No wonder you don't care about
the rightws of others.


Please indicate which law you feel Koresh broke, and when was he convicted of
said crime.


So you feel that owning guns makes him a threat to society. When are y ou
going to start going after knives and baseball bats as well.
Or do you feel that someone who spouts unpopular ideas is by definition a
threat to society.


It is simple if you think that there job is to assualt civilians.



In other words you don't support any of them.
sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes...



Which Jews KS? 

(ex. as a people, as a language, religiously, politically, or...) 

Do you mean those Jews who are God's chosen?

{And Malcolm, please, if you will, set your word wrap at 75 or less 
to avoid clutter?}
For the Lord Himself will descend from Heaven with a shout, with the voice
of an archangel, and with the trumpet of God. And the dead in Christ will
rise first. Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together
to meet the Lord in the air. And thus we shall always be with the Lord.

	I've heard of sillier things, like a well-known utility company
wanting to buy an 'automated' boiler-cleaning system which uses as many
operators as the old system, and which rumour has it costs three million
more per unit. Automation is more 'efficient' although by what scale they are
not saying...

Wrong...the major improvements for 2.01 and 2.01a are in the use of IPAS routines
for 3d studio.  They have increased in speed anywhere from 30-200% depending
on which ones you use.



You might be sure, but you would also be wrong.


Their Hiten engineering-test mission spent a while in a highly eccentric
Earth orbit doing lunar flybys, and then was inserted into lunar orbit
using some very tricky gravity-assist-like maneuvering.  This meant that
it would crash on the Moon eventually, since there is no such thing as
a stable lunar orbit (as far as anyone knows), and I believe I recall
hearing recently that it was about to happen.
Why do spacecraft have to be shut off after funding cuts.  For
example, Why couldn't Magellan just be told to go into a "safe"
mode and stay bobbing about Venus in a low-power-use mode and if
maybe in a few years if funding gets restored after the economy
gets better (hopefully), it could be turned on again.  

For that matter, why exactly were the Apollo lunar experiments
"turned off" rather than just "safed".  Was it political (i.e.
as along as they could be used, someone would keep bugging
congress for funds)?  Turning them off keeps them pesky
scientists out of the bureaucrat's hair....  

I've heard the argument that an active but "uncontrolled"
spacecraft causes "radio noise."  I find that hard to believe
that this could be a problem in a properly designed "safe" mode.
This safe mode could be a program routine which causes the
spacecraft to go to least fuel using orientation, and once a
(week, month, year, whatever) attempts a signal lock on Earth.
At that time, if funding has been restored, the mission can
continue.  If no signal is recieved, the spacecraft goes back to
the safe mode for another time period. As we would know when the
spacecraft is going to try to contact Earth, we could be
prepared if necessary.  

As another a spacecraft could do at the attempted contact is
beam stored data towards Earth.  If someone can receive it,
great, if not, so it's lost and no big deal.
By making the time and signal location generally known, perhaps
someone in the world might be able and willing to intercept the
data even if they're not willing to contact the spacecraft.

I see this as being particularly useful for spacecraft which
could have an otherwise long life and are in or are going to
places which are otherwise unaccessible (Jupiter/Saturn Orbit,
exiting the solar system, etc).   

Perhaps those designing future spacecraft (Cassini, Pluto Flyby,
etc) should consider designing in a "pause" mode in case their
spacecraft gets the ax sometime in the future after completion of
the primary mission. Perhaps Mars Observer and Galilleo could
have some kind of routine written in for the post mission
"drift" phase.

So any holes in all this?




Likewise for me please. First time I've hear of it, but I've beem looking
for something like this for the past few months.





I don't have to "try reading a bit", Pat.  I *work* as a government
contractor and know what the rules are like.  Yes, they sign some
(damned few -- which is why everyone is always having to go to
Washington to see about next week's funding) multi-year contracts;
they also aren't willing to include sufficient cancellation penalties
when they *do* decide to cut the multi-year contract and not pay on it
(which can happen arbitrarily at any time, no matter what previous
plans were) to make the risk acceptable of something like putting up a
private space station with the government as the expected prime
occupant.

I'd like a source for that statement about "the reason they aren't
cutting defense spending as much as they would like"; I just don't buy
it. The other thing I find a bit 'funny' about your posting, Pat, is
that several other people answered the question pretty much the same
way I did; mine is the one you comment (and incorrectly, I think) on.
I think that says a lot.  You and Tommy should move in together.

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden





Yes.


I don't know where Douglas Adams took it from, but I'm pretty sure he's
the one who launched it (in the Guide). Since then it's been showing up 
all over the place.
Has anyone got multiverse to work ?

I have built it on 486 svr4, mips svr4s and Sun SparcStation.

There seems to be many bugs in it.  The 'dogfight' and 'dactyl' simply do nothing
(After fixing a bug where a variable is defined twice in two different modules - One needed
setting to static - else the client core-dumped)

Steve
-- 
I've been to three talks in the last month which might be of interest. I've 
transcribed some of my notes below.  Since my note taking ability is by no means
infallible, please assume that all factual errors are mine.  Permission is 
granted to copy this without restriction.

Note for newbies:  The Delta Clipper project is geared towards producing a
single staget to orbit, reusable launch vehicle.  The DC-X vehicle is a 1/3
scale vehicle designed to test some of the concepts invovled in SSTO.  It is 
currently undergoing tests.  The DC-Y vehicle would be a full scale 
experimental vehicle capable of reaching orbit.  It has not yet been funded.

On April 6th, Rocky Nelson of MacDonnell Douglas gave a talk entitled 
"Optimizing Techniques for Advanced Space Missions" here at the University of
Illinois. Mr Nelson's job involves using software to simulate trajectories and
determine the optimal trajectory within given requirements.  Although he is
not directly involved with the Delta Clipper project, he has spent time with 
them recently, using his software for their applications.  He thus used 
the DC-Y project for most of his examples.  While I don't think the details
of implicit trajectory simulation are of much interest to the readers (I hope
they aren't - I fell asleep during that part), I think that many of you will
be interested in some of the details gleaned from the examples.

The first example given was the maximization of payload for a polar orbit.  The
main restriction is that acceleration must remain below 3 Gs.  I assume that
this is driven by passenger constraints rather than hardware constraints, but I
did not verify that.  The Delta Clipper Y version has 8 engines - 4 boosters
and 4 sustainers.  The boosters, which have a lower isp, are shut down in 
mid-flight.  Thus, one critical question is when to shut them down.  Mr Nelson
showed the following plot of acceleration vs time:
                  ______
3 G         /|   /      |
           / |  /       |          As ASCII graphs go, this is actually fairly 
          /  | /        |	   good.  The big difference is that the lines
2 G      /   |/         |          made by the  /  should be curves which are
        /               |          concave up.  The data is only approximate, as
       /                |          the graph wasn't up for very long.
1 G   /                 |
                        |
                        |
0 G                     |

             ^          ^
           ~100 sec    ~400 sec


As mentioned before, a critical constraint is that G levels must be kept below
3.  Initially, all eight engines are started.  As the vehicle  burns fuel the
accelleration increases.  As it gets close to 3G, the booster engines are 
throtled back.  However, they quickly become inefficient at low power, so it
soon makes more sense to cut them off altogether.  This causes the dip in 
accelleration at about 100 seconds.  Eventually the remaining sustainer engines
bring the G level back up to about 3 and then hold it there until they cut
out entirely.

The engine cutoff does not acutally occur in orbit.  The trajectory is aimed
for an altitude slightly higher than the 100nm desired and the last vestiges of
air drag slow the vehicle slightly, thus lowering the final altitude to 
that desired.

Questions from the audience:  (paraphrased)

Q:  Would it make sense to shut down the booster engines in pairs, rather than
    all at once?

A:  Very perceptive.  Worth considering.  They have not yet done the simulation.    Shutting down all four was part of the problem as given.

Q:  So what was the final payload for this trajectory?

A:  Can't tell us.  "Read Aviation Leak."  He also apparently had a good 
    propulsion example, but was told not to use it.  

My question:  Does anyone know if this security is due to SDIO protecting
national security or MD protecting their own interests?

The second example was reentry simulation, from orbit to just before the pitch
up maneuver.  The biggest constraint in this one is aerodynamic heating, and 
the parameter they were trying to maximize was crossrange.  He showed graphs
of heating using two different models, to show that both were very similar,
and I think we were supposed to assume that this meant they were very accurate.
The end result was that for a polar orbit landing at KSC, the DC-Y would have
about 30 degrees of crossrange and would start it's reentry profile about 
60 degrees south latitude.

I would have asked about the landing maneuvers, but he didn't know about that
aspect of the flight profile.


xgif is the grandfather of XV.

-- 


The Japanese are still on the learning curve as far as nuclear power goes.
This means that unlike the Germans (who do great things all by themselves)
the Japanese tie up with foreign companies. The major one is Mitsubishi
(who else) who have a sharing agreement with GE I think. No chance of a
new design.


Sodium has *lots* of chemical problems. Like it eats stainless steel. Very
slowly but it gets there in the end. Not what I call a desired property.
As for design difficulties, what does sodium do there? It is a bitch and
it is only its chemical properties (flwed though they are) that means it
gets used. Two loops? That's not a design problem? Isolation from air and
water? That doesn't cause design problems? In comparison BWR's a dream rides!


Don't get none of that in a Liquid Sodium Breeder! More steel, more complexity.

Joseph Askew




But Allen, if you can assume the existence of an SSTO there is no need
to have the contest in the first place.  I would think that what we
want to get out of the contest is the development of some of these
'cheaper' ways of doing things; if they already exist, why flush $1G
just to get someone to go to the Moon for a year?

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden

Off the top of my head, I might try:

Given: p_1, p_2, p_3, p_4

Find:  p_c (center of sphere determined by p_1, ..., p_4), 
       dist(p_c, p_i) (radius)

p_c is the same distance from our four points, so
dist(p_c,p_1) = dist(p_c,p_2) = dist(p_c,p_3) = dist(p_c,p_4) 

Of course, we can square the whole thing to get rid of square roots:
distsq(p_c,p_1) = distsq(p_c,p_2) = distsq(p_c,p_3) = distsq(p_c,p_4) 

Plug in the variables into the distance formula, simplify, and the 
x^2_c, y^2_c, and z^2_c terms cancel out, leaving you with three 
linearly independent equations and three unknowns (x_c, y_c, z_c).  
Solve using your favorite method.  :)


All the best,

- John :)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dr. John S. Eickemeyer                 ::     "The Lord God is subtle,
Information Technology Institute      ::::     but malicious He is not."
National Computer Board, Singapore     ::
Email: johne@iti.gov.sg                ::                     - Albert Einstein
Which Version of the Bible do you consider to be the most
accurate translation?


	First of all, I resent your assumption that you know why I
am threatened by science, or even that I am threatened at all,
although I admit the latter.  The reason I am threatened by Science
has nothing to do with my need for proof of my Lord's existence--
God reveals Himself in many ways, including, to some degree,
Science.

	My problem with Science is that often it allows us to
assume we know what is best for ourselves.  God endowed us
with the ability to produce life through sexual relations,
for example, but He did not make that availible to everyone.
Does that mean that if Science can over-ride God's decision
through alterations, that God wills for us to have the power
to decide who should and should not be able to have 
children?  Should men be allowed to have babies, if that
is made possible.

	People have always had the ability to end lives
unnaturally, and soon may have the ability to bring lives
into the world unnaturally.  The closest thing to artificially
created life is artificially created death, and as God
has reserved judgement about when people should die to
Himself, I believe we should rely on God's wisdom about how
people should be brought in to the world.

	This is not to say that I reject all forms of
medical treatment, however.  Treatment that alleviates
pain, or prevents pain from occuring, is perfectly
acceptable, I believe, as it was acceptable for Jesus
to cure the sick.  However, treatment that merely 
prolongs life for no reason, or makes unnecessary 
alterations to the body for mere aesthetic purposes,  
go too far.  Are we not happy with the beauty God
gave us?

	I cannot draw a solid line regarding where I
would approve of Scientific study, and where I would not,
but I will say this:  Before one experiments with the
universe to find out all its secrets, one should ask
why they want this knowledge.  Before one alters the body
they have been given, they should ask themseles why their
body is not satisfactory too them as it is.  I cannot
make any general rules that will cover all the cases, but
I will say that each person should pray for guidance
when trying to unravel the mysteries of the universe, and
should cease their unravelling if they have reason to 
believe their search is displeasing to God.




True to a point.  If you were to ask a Buddhist atheist...



Actually, yes and no, Hell is eternal death.  Actually, the way 
     I've had it related to me, it's more of an eternal damnation,
     where sinners will feel the licking flames of Hell.  If I
     supposedly can feel these flames, I would assume I'm still
     alive, but suffering and away from God.


I believe Jehovah's Witnesses have a similar view, where the body
     sleeps for ever...

I don't have a problem with being condemned to Hell either.  The
     way I see it, if God wants to punish me for being honest in
     my skepticism (that is, for saying he doesn't exist), He
     certainly wouldn't be changing His nature.  Besides, I would
     rather spend an eternity in Hell than be beside God in Heaven
     knowing even one man would spend his "eternal life" being
     scorched for his wrongdoings...

Stephen

    _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/       _/    * Atheist
   _/        _/    _/   _/ _/ _/ _/     * Libertarian
  _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/   _/  _/      * Pro-individuality
       _/  _/     _/  _/       _/       * Pro-responsibility
_/_/_/_/  _/      _/ _/       _/ Jr.    * and all that jazz...



How could this possibly be "environmental vandalism" when there is no
"environment" to vandalize up there?

Since the advertising "is just to help defray costs", it's certainly no
surprise that "the taxpayers would bear most of the expense".  Sounds
like a good idea to me, since the taxpayers would bear _all_ of the
expense if they didn't do the advertising.


Great idea, they should have done it long ago.


I can't believe that a mile-long billboard would have any significant
effect on the overall sky brightness.  Venus is visible during the day,
but nobody complains about that.  Besides, it's in LEO, so it would only
be visible during twilight when the sky is already bright, and even if
it would have some miniscule impact, it would be only for a short time
as it goes zipping across the sky.


No doubt.  People are always looking for something to protest about, so
it would be no surprise.


Well, look on the, er, bright side.  Imagine the looks on the faces of
people in primitive tribes out in the middle of nowhere as they look up
and see a can of Budweiser flying across the sky... :-D

--

First, off I'd say that the impact if right before your eyes! 8-) That we are
even discussing this is a major impact in and of itself. Further, the early
church bears testimony to the impact.


Of course they knew where it was. Don't forget that Jesus was seen by both
the Jews and the Romans as a troublemaker. Pilate was no fool and didn't 
need the additional headaches of some fishermen stealing Jesus' body to 
make it appear He had arisen. Since Jesus was buried in the grave of a 
man well know to the Sanhedrin, to say that they didn't know where He was
buried begs the question.

Now, you say that you think that the disciples stole the body. But think on
this a moment. Would you die to maintain something you KNEW to be a 
deliberate lie!? If not, then why do you think the disciples would!? Now, I'm
not talking about dying for something you firmly believe to be the truth, 
but unbeknown to you, it is a lie. Many have done this. No, I'm talking about
dying, by beheading, stoning, crucifixion, etc., for something you know to
be a lie! Thus, you position with regards to the disciples stealing the 
body seems rather lightweight to me.

As for graverobbers, why risk the severe penalties for grave robbing over 
the body of Jesus? He wasn't buried with great riches. So, again, this is
an argument that can be discounted.

That leaves you back on square one. What happened to the body!?

IHL, Gene

--
   The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of the University of
     North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the Campus Office for Information
        Technology, or the Experimental Bulletin Board Service.
           internet:  laUNChpad.unc.edu or 152.2.22.80

As a matter of fact, yes I do or at least I strive to.  I will not
be so proud as to boast that my faith is 100%.  I am still human
and imperfect and therefore, liable to sin.  Thankfully, there is
opportunity for repentence and forgiveness.

God be with you,
  Could someone please help me find a program or figure out how to extract a li
st of R G B values for each pixel in an image.  I can convert between tga and s
everal other popular formats but I need the R G B values for use in a program I
 am writing.  Thanks for the help

I have been told that I seem to be very smug in my post.  I appoligize
if anyone felt this way. I did not at all desire to come across in
that way. I was trying to express that I didn't understand his logic
and that I wished him the best in his life.

I'm concerned about a recent posting about WBT/SIL.  I thought they'd
pretty much been denounced as a right-wing organization involved in
ideological manipulation and cultural interference, including Vietnam
and South America. A commission from Mexican Academia denounced them in
1979 as " a covert political and ideological institution used by the
U.S. govt as an instrument of control, regulation, penetration, espionage and
repression."
  My concern is that this group may be seen as acceptable and even
praiseworthy by readers of soc.religion.christian. It's important that
Christians don't immediately accept every "Christian" organization as
automatically above reproach.
Hi,
    I was reading through "The Spaceflight Handbook" and somewhere in
there the author discusses solar sails and the forces acting on them
when and if they try to gain an initial acceleration by passing close to
the sun in a hyperbolic orbit. The magnitude of such accelerations he
estimated to be on the order of 700g. He also says that this is may not
be a big problem for manned craft because humans (and this was published
in 1986) have already withstood accelerations of 45g. All this is very
long-winded but here's my question finally - Are 45g accelerations in
fact humanly tolerable? - with the aid of any mechanical devices of
course. If these are possible, what is used to absorb the acceleration?
Can this be extended to larger accelerations?
 
 
Ok boys & girls, hang on; here we go!
 
   Christ's Eternal Gospel               Robinson & Robinson
   The Dead Sea Scrolls & the NT         WS LaSor
   James the Just in Habakkuk Pesher     RH Eisenman
   Maccabees ... Quamran                 RH Eisenman
   Dead Sea Scrolls Uncovered            Eisenman & Wise
   Dead Sea Scrolls Deception            Baigent & Leigh
   Jesus & Riddle of Dead Sea Scrolls    B Thiering
   Jesus Scroll                          D Joyce
 
Happy Reading & welcome aboard
 
 
A poor Wayfaring Stranger [some say, a Strange One] in a strange land,
 
 +---------------------------------------------------------------------+
 | Disclaimer: Not my employer's opinion; probably                     |
 |             not your's either; and                                  |
 |             only mine, when authorized!                             |
 |                                                                     |
 |                                   Try: Roger_Holfeltz@stortek.com   |
 +---------------------------------------------------------------------+
A reply to a post by kilroy@gboro.rowan.edu (aka Nancy's Sweetheart): 

?Human brains are infested with sin, and they can only be trusted
?in very limited circumstances.

I would beg to differ with you here.  The properly-formed conscience can
be trusted virtually ALL the time.  I am not so sure, though, about something
so materialistic as the human brain.  Does that mass of tissue possess
anything trustworthy?  Your observation would probably be valid if we were
discussing the "mind" of an animal, but the human being is only half animal,
as it were; and half spiritual. 

?At the moment he stops speaking, and people start interpreting, the
?possibility of error appears.  Did he mean that literally or not?  We do
?not have any record that he elaborated on the words.  Was he thinking of
?Tran- or Con- substatiation?   He didn't say.  We interpret this passage
?using our brains; we think and reason and draw conclusions.  But we know
?that our brains are not perfect: our thinking often leads us wrong.  (This
?is something that most of us have direct experience of.  8-)

Now you have hit on the purpose of the Church.  It is by necessity the
infallible interpreter of divine revelation.  Without the Church,          
Christianity would be nothing more than a bunch of little divisive sects.
 
?Unless you are infallible, there are very few things you can be certain
?of.  To the extent that doctrines rely on fallible human thinking, they
?cannot be certain.

This argument of yours regarding the certainty of an observation or a
conclusion is not necessarily substantiated by experience.  It reminds me
of the theoretical physicist who said that you can never be certain of
a measurment because the sensor interferes with the field you are trying
to measure.  Now, the experimental physicist will reply that although the
measurement can never be made with absolute certainty, he is able to
determine the certainty with which the measurement can be made, and this
knowledge is often sufficient to render the measurement useful enough
to allow evidence of the true condition of the field under observation.
Therefore, although our minds are finite and susceptible to error, our
competence in arriving at inductive insights gives confidence in our
ability to distinguish what is true from what is not true, even in areas
not subject to the experimental method. 

?Darren F Provine / kilroy@gboro.rowan.edu
?"If any substantial number of  [ talk.religion.misc ]  readers read some
? Wittgenstein, 60% of the postings would disappear.  (If they *understood*
? some Wittgenstein, 98% would disappear. :-))" -- Michael L Siemon

This quote seems a little arrogant, don't you think?
 
-- 
boundary

[stuff deleted for brevity]


Your very starting point is wrong.  Christianity is not based on following
a moral standard.  "For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith...
NOT BY WORKS so that no man may boast."  (Eph. 2:7-8)  You say that
you know the Bible well, and can recognize (do you mean recite?) many
passages from memory.  That could very well be so.  However, it looks like
there are a few more passages that you should pay attention to.  (Titus 3:5
and James 2:10 are among them.)

Obedience to the moral law is imporant.  However, it is supposed to be the
result of turning your life over to Christ and becoming a Christian.  It is
by no means the starting point.



: medtronic.COM (Dale M. Skiba) entirely missed my point in my previous

: COMMENT:

: Shortly after that post, I realized two things:  I was running a fever of
: over 102, and that I probably should not have gone directly from reading
: alt.slack to posting on this august newsgroup.

: >: >it is not ad hominen to point out that Mr Archer willingly prints blatant
: >: lies
: >: >in defense of Bible inerrancy, and thus is worthless as an expert witness.

: >: Okay, Im game, give us a listing of blatant lies from _Encyclopedia of
: >: Biblical Difficulties_ or other Archer writings.

: >That would be interesting.  If only a very short list can be generated,
: >I think it is more likely that Mr. Archer, with his inerancy mindset is
: >not always impartial and made a doozy of a mistake.  (IMHO I also think
: >that this mindset tends to generate these sorts of mistakes...)

: >On the other hand, if a long list can be generated, it is more likely
: >that Mr. Archer intentionally uses deception in hs books. (Why should
: >he be deceptive just with Tyre?)

: So, Archer is just sitting around, rubbing his hands and plotting how next
: to deceive?  OK, lets _see_ the list...

This was an open question.  I assumed that if Mr. Archer is a chronic
liar, someone whould have documented it.   This assumption is based on
how talk.origins regulars have documented numerous cases of Creationist
deceptions (such as Duane Guish and his friends).

No long list of Archer mistakes has yet been given, so this may be just
an isolated incident...

What is the phone number for Alias?
A toll-free number is preferred, if available.

Thanks

Hello
	HELP!!! please
		I am a student of turbo c++ and graphics programming
	and I am having some problems finding algorithms and code
	to teach me how to do some stuff..

	1) Where is there a book or code that will teach me how
	to read and write pcx,dbf,and gif files?

	2) How do I access the extra ram on my paradise video board
	so I can do paging in the higher vga modes ie: 320x200x256
	800x600x256
	3) anybody got a line on a good book to help answer these question?

Thanks very much !

send reply's to : Palm@snycanva.bitnet

Mine was beautiful for a year and a half.  Then it went <foomp>.  I bought
a ViewSonic 6FS instead.  Another great monitor, IMHO.

Subject pretty much says it all - I'm looking for Johnny Hart's (creator
of the B.C. comic stip) mailing address.

For those of you who haven't seen them, take a look at his strips for Good
Friday and Easter Sunday.  Remarkable witness!

If anyone can help me get in touch with him, I'd really appreciate it! 
I've contacted the paper that carries his strip and -- they'll get back to
me with it!

Thanks for your help,

Dave Arndt
St. Peter's Evangelical Lutheran Church
St. Peter, MN 56082

Has anybody made a converter from irit's .irt or .dat format to
 .pov format ?

Thanks!


You ask where we are.  I would echo that question.  I'm not trying to be
contentious.  But assuming that the Pope has universal jurisdiction
and authority, what authority do you rely upon for your decisions?
What prevents me from choosing ANY doctrine I like and saying that
Papal disagreement is an error that will be resolved in time?
This is especially true, since Councils of Bishops have basically
stood by the Pope.

It appears that much of what lies at the heart of this matter is
disagreements over what is tradition and Tradition, and also over
authority and discipline.  

My question to the supporters of SSPX is this:

  Is there ANY way that your positions with respect to church reforms
  could change and be conformed to those of the Pope? (assuming that
  the Pope's position does not change and that the leaders of SSPX
  don't jointly make such  choice.)

If not, this appears to be claiming infallible teaching authority.
If I adopt the view that "I'm NOT wrong, I CAN'T be wrong, and
there's NO WAY I'll change my mind, YOU must change yours", that
I've either left the Catholic Church or it has left me.

The Orthodox Church does not recognize papal authority/jurisdiction
viewing authority as present in each bishop, and in Ecumenical
Councils.  We regard the subsequent development of the doctrines 
regarding papal authority and jurisdiction to be a separation of
the Bishop of Rome from the Orthodox church.  Without going into
the merits of the Great Schism, at least the Orthodox agree that
a split occurred, and don't paly what appear to be semantic games
like "He's the Pope, but we don't recognize that what he does
is effective...".  Words aside, it appears to be a de facto split.


We sould argue from now until the Second Coming about what the "real"
traditional teaching of the Church is.  If this were a simple matter
East and West would not have been separated for over 900 years.
 

I thought that the teaching magisterieum of the church did not allow
error in teachings regarding faith and morals even in the short term.`
I may be wrong here, I'm not Roman Catholic. :-)

What would be the effect of a Pope making an ex cathedra statement
regarding the SSPX situation?  Would it be honored?  If not, how
do you get around the formal doctrine of infallibility?
Again, I'm not trying to be contentions, I'm trying to understand.
Since I'm Orthodox, I've got no real vested interest in the outcome,
one way or the other.


It does if the command was legitimate.  SSPX does not view the
Pope's commands as legitimate.  Why?  This is a VERY slippery slope.
 

True enough.


One could argue that they are establishing a non-geographic jurisdiction.
I don't know if that's even a concept or problem in Catholic circles.
 
Larry Overacker (llo@shell.com)
-- 
I've borrowed the 1992-93 version of this book from a friend...holy
moley!  What a wealth of contacts.  Five-hundred pages of information
about electronic artists and organizations around the globe (many have
email addresses).  An up to the minute database of this information is
also available on Minitel (the book's based in France...are there any
Internet=>Minitel gates?).  The book is printed in French and English.
 
To have you or your organization listed in IDEA, just send your
information to:
 
Annick Bureaud
IDEA
57, rue Falguiere
75015 Paris
France
 
It's free to be listed in it, I'm not sure how widely distributed the
book is or how much it costs.  I'm not affiliated with them in any way,
I was just impressed by their collection of organizations and artists.
I highly encourage all involved in electronic media (video, music,
graphics, animation, etc.) to send in your entry and encourage them to
make their database available on Internet.
 
...e

We run "SpaceNews & Views" on our STAREACH BBS, a local
operation running WWIV software with the capability to link to
over 1500 other BBS's in the U.S.A. and Canada through WWIVNet.
   Having just started this a couple of months ago, our sub us
currently subscribed by only about ten other boards, but more
are being added.
   We get our news articles re on Internet, via ftp from NASA
sites, and from a variety of aerospace related periodicals. We
get a fair amount of questions on space topics from students
who access the system.
 ____________________________________________________________
He who overcomes will inherit all this, and I will be his God and he will
be my son. 

i did a workshop on this for an episcopalian student gathering a
couple months ago because i wanted to know the answer too.  as far as
i could tell, although that story was never specifically _told_ in the
bible, many references are made to it, primarily in the new testament.
in the old testament there is actually an entirely different view of
satan as a (excuse the pun) "devil's advocate" for yahweh.  see the
book of job.  getting back to the fallen angel story, there are _no_
references to "lucifer" in the bible except for a mistranslation of
"the morning star" in the king james version (isaiah 14:12), which
probably referred to a babylonian monarch much in the same was as "the
sun king" referred to louis xiv.  

all in all, i don't know where the story _came from_; it may have been
rolling around for a long time, or milton (_paradise lost_) may have
invented it.  sorry for the sketchiness of the rest of this, but i am
in a hurry and need to eat lunch!  feel free to email me about the
other stuff i found out....  (although a lot of it is just the result
of a bible concordance program called "quickverse" -- it's really
lousy, by the way -- don't buy it.) 


Sorry, not so -- the changes in sunrise and sunset times are not
quite synchronized.  For example, neither the earliest sunrise nor the
latest sunset comes on the longest day of the year.

I don't think you're going to be able to see the differences from a sphere
unless they are greatly exaggerated.  Even the equatorial bulge is only
about 1 part in 300 -- you'd never notice a 1mm error in a 30cm globe --
and the other deviations from spherical shape are much smaller.
Archive-name: graphics/resources-list/part2
Last-modified: 1993/04/17


Computer Graphics Resource Listing : WEEKLY POSTING [ PART 2/3 ]
===================================================
Last Change : 17 April 1993


14. Plotting packages
=====================

Gnuplot 3.2
-----------
  It is one of the best 2- and 3-D plotting packages, with
  online help.It's a command-line driven interactive function plotting utility
  for UNIX, MSDOS, Amiga, Archimedes, and VMS platforms (at least!).
  Freely distributed, it supports many terminals, plotters, and printers
  and is easily extensible to include new devices.
  It was posted to comp.sources.misc in version 3.0, plus 2 patches.
  You can practically find it everywhere (use Archie to find a site near you!).
  The comp.graphics.gnuplot newsgroup is devoted to discussion of Gnuplot.

Xvgr and Xmgr (ACE/gr)
-----------------------
  Xmgr is an XY-plotting tool for UNIX workstations using
  X or OpenWindows. There is an XView version called xvgr for
  Suns. Collectively, these 2 tools are known as ACE/gr.
  Compiling xmgr requires the Motif toolkit version 1.1
  and X11R4 - xmgr will not compile under X11R3/Motif 1.0x.

  Check at ftp.ccalmr.ogi.edu [129.95.72.34} in
  /CCALMR/pub/acegr/xmgr-2.09.tar.Z (Motif version)
  /CCALMR/pub/acegr/xvgr-2.09.tar.Z (XView version)

  Comments, suggestions, bug reports to Paul J Turner
  <pturner@amb4.ese.ogi.edu> (if mail fails, try pturner@ese.ogi.edu).
  Due to time constraints, replies will be few and far between.

Robot
-----
  Release 0.45 : 2-D and limited 3-D. Based on XView 3, written
  in C / Fortran (so you need a Fortran compiler or the f2c translator).
  Mainly tested on Sun4, less on DECstations. Check at
  ftp.astro.psu.edu (128.118.147.28),  pub/astrod.

VG plotting library
-------------------
  This is a library of Fortran callable routines at sunspot.ceee.nist.gov
  [129.6.64.151]

Xgobi
-----
  It's being developed at Bellcore, and its speciality are
  multidimensional data sets analysis and exploration. You can call it
  from the S language also, and it works as an X11 client using the Athena
  widget set (or with an ASCII terminal). It's distributed free of charge
  from STATLIB at CMU.
  To get it via e-mail, send email to statlib@temper.stat.cmu.edu and
  in the body area of the message, put the line

  send xgobi from general

  If you want to pick it via ftp, connect to lib.stat.cmu.edu. Log in as
  "statlib" and use your e-mail address as your password. Then type

  cd general
  mget xgobi.*

  Warning: It's about 2 MB sources + large Postscript manual. Read the
  relevant README to decide whether you need it or not.

PGPLOT
------
  Runs on VAX/VMS and supposedly on UNIX. It's a set of fortran routines freely
  available (though copyrighted and requiring a nominal fee of $50 or so)
  that includes contour plots and support for various devices, including ps.
  Contact tjp@deimos.caltech.edu

GGRAPH
------
  Host shorty.cs.wisc.edu [128.105.2.8] : /pub/ggraph.tar.Z
  Unknown more details.

epiGRAPH
--------
  For PCs. Call dvj@lab2.phys.lgu.spb.su (Vladimir J. Dmitriev) for details.
  You can get the program demo or (and) play version, if sent 10 $ to

        1251 Budapest posta fiok 60
        Hungary
        ph/fax 1753696  Budapest
        ph     2017760

Multiplot XLN
-------------
  For Amigas, shareware ($30 USD, #20 UK or $40 Aust.). Advanced 2D package
  that has a big list of features. Contact:

  Dr. Alan Baxter <agb16@mbuc.bio.cam.ac.uk>,
  Cambridge University
  Department of Pathology,
  Tennis Court Road,
  Cambridge CB2 1QP, UK


+Athena Plotter Widget set
+-------------------------
+  
+  This version V6.0 is based on Gregory Bond's version V5-beta. Added
+  some stuff for scientific graphs, i.e. log axes, free scalable axes,
+  XY-lineplots and some more, and re-added plotter callbacks from V4, e.g.
+  to request the current pointer position, or to cut off a rectangle from the
+  plotting area for zooming-in. Version V6.0 has a log of bugs fixed and a
+  log of improvements against V6-beta. Additionally I did some other
+  changes/extensions, besides 
+  
+      -     Origin and frame lines for axes.
+      -     Subgrid lines on subtic positions.
+      -     Line plots in different line types (lines, points, lines+points,
+       impulses, lines+impulses, steps, bars), line styles (solid, dotted,
+       dashed, dot-dashed) and marker types for data points.
+      -     Legend at the right or left hand side of the plot.
+      -     Optional drawing to a pixmap instead of a window.
+      -     Layout callback for aligning axis positions when using
+       multiple plotters in one application.
+  
+  Available at export.lcs.mit.edu, directory contrib/plotter
+
+SciPlot
+-------
+  SciPlot is a scientific 2D plotting and manipulation program. 
+  For the NeXT (requires NeXTStep 3.0), and it's shareware.
+
+  Features:
+  ASCII import and export;  EPS export; copy, cut, paste with data buffer;
+  free number of data points, data buffer, and document window;
+  selective open and save ; plotting in many styles; automatic legend;
+  subviews; linear and logarithmic axes; two different axes; text and graphic;
+  color support; zoom; normalizing and moving; axis conversions;
+  free hand data manipulations (cut, edit, move, etc.); data editor; sorting
+  of data; absolute,relative, and free defined error bars;
+  calculating with buffers (+, -, *, / ); background subtractions
+  (linear,shirley,tougaard, bezier); integration and relative integration;
+  fitting of one or more free defined functions; linear regression;
+  calculations (+, -, *, /, sin, cos, log, etc.); function generator;
+  spline interpolation; least square smooth and FFT smooth; differentiation;
+  FFT; ESCA calculations and database; .. and something more 
+
+  You can find it on:
+  ftp.cs.tu-berlin.de [130.149.17.7] : /pub/NeXT/science/SciPlot3.1.tar.Z
+
+  Author:
+  Michael Wesemann
+  Scillerstr. 73,1000 Berlin 12, Germany   
+  mike@fiasko.rz-berlin.mpg.de
+
+PLPLOT
+------
+  PLPLOT is a scientific plotting package for many systems, small (micro)
+  and large (super) alike.  Despite its small size and quickness,
+  it has enough power to satisfy most users, including:
+  standard x-y plots, semilog plots, log-log plots, contour plots, 3D plots,
+  mesh plots, bar charts and pie charts.  Multiple graphs (of the same or
+  different sizes) may be placed on a single page with multiple lines in each
+  graph.  Different line styles, widths and colors are supported.  A virtually
+  infinite number of distinct area fill patterns may be used.  There are
+  almost 1000 characters in the extended character set.  This includes four
+  different fonts, the Greek alphabet and a host of mathematical, musical, and
+  other symbols.  The fonts can be scaled to any size for various effects.
+  Many different output device drivers are available (system dependent),
+  including a portable metafile format and renderer.
+  
+  Freely available (but copyrighted) via anonymous FTP on
+  hagar.ph.utexas.edu, directory pub/plplot
+  
+  At present (v. 4.13), PLPLOT is known to work on the following systems:
+  
+  Unix:   SunOS, A/IX, HP-UX, Unicos, DG/UX, Ultrix
+  Other platforms: VMS, Amiga/Exec, MS-DOS, OS/2, NeXT
+  
+  Authors: Many. The main supporters are:
+  
+  Maurice LeBrun <mjl@fusion.ph.utexas.edu>: PLPLOT kernel and the metafile,
+     xterm, xwindow, tektronix, and Amiga drivers.
+  Geoff Furnish <furnish@fusion.ph.utexas.edu>: MS-DOS and OS/2 drivers
+  Tony Richardson <amr@egr.duke.edu>: PLPLOT on the NeXT
+
+SuperMongo
+----------
+  2-D plotting package at CMU, filename ~re00/tmp/SM.2.1.0.tar.Z
+  (probably under the ftp.cmu.edu or andrew.cmu.edu machines?)
+
+GLE
+---
+  GLE is a high quality graphics package for scientists.  It runs on a
+  variety of platforms (PCs, VAXes, and Unix) with drivers for XWindows,
+  REGIS, TEK4010, PC graphics cards, VT100s, HP plotters, Postscript
+  printers, Epson-compatible printers and Laserjet/Paintjet printers.  It
+  provides LaTEX quality fonts, as well as full support for Postscript
+  fonts.  The graphing module provides full control over all features of
+  graphs.  The graphics primitives include user-defined subroutines for
+  complex pictures and diagrams.
+
+  Accompanying utilities include Surface (for hidden line surface
+  plotting), Contour (for contour plots), Manip (for manipulation of
+  columnar data files), and Fitls (for fitting arbitrary equations to
+  data).
+
+  Mailing list: GLEList. Send a message to
+
+  listserver@tbone.biol.scarolina.edu, with a message boyd containing
+
+  sub glelist "Your Name"
+  
+ maintainer: Dean Pentcheff <dean2@tbone.biol.scarolina.edu>

==========================================================================

15. Image analysis software - Image processing and display
==========================================================

PC and Mac-based tools (multi-platform software)
======================

IMDISP
------
  IMDISP Written at JPL and other NASA sites. Can do simple display,
  enhancing, smoothing and so on. Works with the FITS and VICAR/PDS
  data formats of NASA. Can read TIFF images, if you know their dimensions
  [PC and Macs]

LabVIEW 2
---------
  LabVIEW is used as a framework for image processing tools. It provides a
  graphical programming environment using block diagram sketch is the
  "program" with graphical elements representing the programming elements.
  Hundreds of functions are already available and are connected using a
  wiring tool to create the block diagram (program).  Functions that the
  block diagrams represent include digital signal processing and
  filtering, numerical analysis, statistics, etc.  The tool allows any
  Virtual Instrument (VI, a software file that looks and acts like a real
  laboratory instrument) to be used as a part of any other virtual
  instrument.

  National Instruments markets plug-in digital signal processing (DSP)
  boards for Macintoshs and PC compatables that allow real-time
  acquisition and analysis at a personal computer.  New software tools for
  DSP are allowing engineers to harness the power of this technology. The
  tools range from low-level debugging software to high-level block
  diagram development software.  There are three levels of DSP programming
  associated with the NB-DSP2300 board and LabVIEW:
  Use of the NB-DSP2300 Analysis Library: FFTs, power spectra, filters
  routines callable from THINK C and Macintosh Programers Workshop (MPW) C
  that execute on the NB-DSP2300 board. There is an analysis Virtual
  Interface Library of ready-to-use VIs optimized for the NB-DSP2300.

  Use of the National Instruments Developers Toolkit that includes an
  optimizing C compiler, an assembler and a linker for low-level
  programming of the DSP hardware.  This approach offers the highest level
  of performance but is the must difficult in terms of ease of use.

  Use of the National Instruments Interface Kit software package which has
  utility functions for memory management data communications and
  downloading code to the NB-DSP2300 board. (This is the easiest route for
  the development of custom code.)

Ultimage Concept VI
-------------------
  Concept VI  by Graftek-France is a family of image processing Virtual
  Instruments (VIs) that give LabVIEW 2 (described above) users high-end
  tools for designing, integrating and monitoring imaging control systems.
  A VI is a software file that looks and acts like a real laboratory
  instrument. Typical applications for Concept VI include thermography,
  surveillance, machine vision, production testing, biomedical imaging,
  electronic microscopy and remote sensing.

  Ultimage Concept VI addresses applications which require further
  qualitative and quantitative analysis.  It includes a complete set of
  functions for image enhancement, histogram equalization, spatial and
  frequency filtering, isolation of features, thresholding, mathematical
  morphology analysis, density measurement, object counting, sizing and
  characterization.

  The program loads images with a minimum resolution of 64 by 64, a pixel
  depth of 8, 16, or 32 bits, and one image plane.  Standard input and
  output formats include PICT, TIFF, SATIE, and AIPD.  Other formats can
  be imported.

  Image enhancement features include lookup table transformations, spatial
  linear and non-linear filters, frequency filtering, arithmetic and logic
  operations, and geometric transformations, among others.  Morphological
  transformations include erosion, dilation, opening, closing, hole
  removal, object separation, and extraction of skeletons, among others.
  Quantitative analysis provides for objects' detection, measurement, and
  morphological distribution.  Measures include area, perimeter, center of
  gravity, moment of inertia, orientation, length of relevant chords, and
  shape factors and equivalence.  Measures are saved in ASCII format.  The
  program also provides for macro scripting and integration of custom
  modules.

  A 3-D view command plots a perspective data graph where image intensity
  is depicted as mountains or valleys in the plot.  The histogram tool can
  be plotted with either a linear or logarithmic scale. The twenty-eight
  arithmetic and logical operations provide for: masking and averaging
  sections of images, noise removal, making comparisons, etc.  There are
  13 spatial filters that alter pixel intensities based on local
  intensity.  These include high-pass filters for contrast and outlines.
  The frequency data resulting from FFT analysis can be displayed as
  either the (real , imaginary ) components or the (phase, magnitude)
  data.  The morphological transformations are useful for data sharpening
  and defining objects or for removing artifacts.

  The transformations include: thresholding, eroding, dilating and even
  hole filling.

  The program's quantitative analysis measurements include: area,
  perimeter, center of mass, object counts, and angle between points.

  GTFS, Inc. 2455 Bennett Valley Road #100C Santa Rosa, CA 95494
  707-579-1733

IPLab Spectrum
--------------
  IPLAB Spectrum supports image processing and analysis but lacks the
  morphology and quantitative analysis features provided by
  Graftek-FranceUs Ultimage Concept VI.  Using scripting tools, the user
  tells the system the operations to be performed. The problem is that far
  too many basic operations require manual intervention. The tool
  supports: FFTs, 16 arithmetic operations for pixel alteration, and a
  movie command for cycling through windows.


Macintosh-based tools
=====================

NCSA Image, NCSA PalEdit and more
---------------------------------
  NCSA provides a whole suite of public-domain visualization tools for the
  Macintosh, primarily aimed at researchers wanting to visualize results
  from numerical modelling calculations.  These applications,
  documentation, and source code are available for anonymous ftp from
  ftp.ncsa.uiuc.edu. Commercial versions of the NCSA programs have been
  developed by Spyglass.

  Spyglass, Inc. 701 Devonshire Drive Champaign, IL  61820 (217) 355-6000
  fax: 217 355 8925

NIH IMAGE
---------
  Available at alw.nih.gov (128.231.128.7) or (preferably)
  zippy.nimh.nih.gov [128.231.98.32], directory:/pub/image.
  It has painting and image manipulation tools, a macro language,
  tools for measuring areas, distances and angles, and for counting
  things. Using a frame grabber card, it can record sequences of
  images to be played back as a movie. It can invoke user-defined
  convolution matrix filters, such as Gaussian. It can import raw
  data in tab-delimited ASCII, or as 1 or 2-byte quantities. It also
  does histograms and even 3-D plots. It is limited to 8-bits/pixel,
  though the 8 bits map into a color lookup table. It runs on any Mac
  that has a 256-color screen and a FPU (or get the NonFPU version
  from zippy.nimh.nih.gov)

PhotoMac
--------
  Data Translation, Inc. 100 Locke Dr. Marlboro, MA 01752 508-481-3700

PhotoPress
----------
  Blue Solutions 3039 Marigold Place Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 805-492-9973

PixelTools and TCL-Image
------------------------
  "Complete family of PixelTools (hardware accelerator and applications
  software) for scientific image processing and analysis.  Video-rate
  capture, display, processing, and analysis of high-resolution
  monochromatic and color images.  Includes C source code."

TCL-Image:
  "Software package for scientific, quantitative image processing and
  analysis. It provides a complete language for the capture, enhancement,
  and extraction of quantitative information from gray-scale images.
  TCL_Image has over 200 functions for image processing, and contains the
  other elements needed in a full programming language for algorithm
  development -- variables and control structures.  It is easily
  extensible through "script" (or indirect command) files. These script
  files are simply text files that contain TCL-Image commands.  They are
  executed as normal commands and include the ability to pass parameters.
  The direct capture of video images is supported via popular frame
  grabber boards.  TCL-Image comes with the I-View utility that provides
  conversion between common image file types, such as PICT2 and TIFF."

  Perceptics 725 Pellissippi Parkway Knoxville, TN 37933 615-966-9200

Satellite Image Workshop
------------------------
  It comes with a number of satellite pictures (raw data) and does all
  sorts of image enhancing on it. You'll need at least a Mac II with co-
  processor; a 256 color display and a large harddisk. The program doesn't
  run under system 7.x.ATE1 V1

  In the documentation the contact address is given as:  Liz Smith, Jet
  Propulsion Laboratory, MS 300-323, 4800 Oak Grove Dr,.Pasadena, CA 91109
  (818) 354-6980

Visualization Workbench
-----------------------
  "An electronic imaging software system that performs interactive image
  analysis and scientific 2D and 3D plotting."

  Paragon Imagine 171 Lincoln St. Lowell, MA 01852 508-441-2112

Adobe Photoshop
---------------

  The tool supports Rtrue colorS with 24-bit images or 256 levels of grey
  scale.  Once an image has been imported it can be Rre-touchedS with
  various editing tools typical of those used in Macintosh-based RpaintS
  applications.  These include an eraser, pencil, brush and air brush.
  Advanced RpasteS tools that control the interaction between a pasted
  selection and the receiving site have also been incorporated.  For
  example, all red pixels in a selection can easily be preventing from
  being pasted. Photoshop has transparencies ranging from 0 to 100%,
  allowing you to create ghost overlays.  RPhoto-editingS tools include
  control of the brightness and contrast, color balancing, hue/saturation
  modification and spectrum equalization.  Images can be subjected to
  various signal processing algorithms to smooth or sharpen the image,
  blur edges, or locate edges.  Image scaling is also supported.

  For storage savings, the images can be compressed using standard
  algorithms, including externally supplied compression such as JPEG,
  availlable from Storm Technologies. The latest version of Adobe
  Photoshop supports the import of numerous image formats including: EPSF,
  EPSF, TIFF, PICT resource, Amiga IFF/ILBM, CompuServe GIF, MacPaint,
  PIXAR, PixelPaint, Scitex CT, TGA and ThunderScan..

  Adobe Systems, Inc. 1585 Charlestown Road PO Box 7900 Mountain View, CA
  94039-7900 415-961-4400

ColorStudio and ImageStudio
---------------------------
  ColorStudio is an image-editing and paint package from Letraset that has
  more features than Adobe Photoshop but is decidedly more complex and
  therefore more difficult to use.  Several steps are often required to
  accomplish that which can be done in a single step using Photoshop.  The
  application requires a great deal of available disk space as one can
  easily end up with images in the 30 MB range.  The program provides a
  variety of powerful selection tools including the "auto selection tool"
  which lets the user choose image areas on the basis of color, close
  hues, color range and mask.

ImageStudio: Don't know...

  Letraset USA 40 Eisenhower Drive Paramus, NJ 07653 201-845-6100

Dapple Systems
--------------
  "High resolution image analysis software provides processing tools to
  work with multiple images, enhance and edit, and measure a variety of
  global or feature parameters, and interpret the data."

  Dapple Systems, 355 W. Olive Ave, #100 Sunnyvale, CA 94086 408-733-3283

Digital Darkroom
----------------
  The latest release of Digital Darkroom has five new selection and
  editing tools for enhancing images. One such feature allows the user to
  select part of an image simply by "painting" it. A new polyline
  selection tool creates a selection tool for single pixel wide
  selections.  A brush lets the operator "paint" with a selected portion
  of the image. Note that this is not a true color image enhancement tool.
  This tool should be used when the user intends to operate in grey-scale
  images only.  It should be noted that Digital Darkroom is not as
  powerful as either Adobe Photoshop or ColorStudio.

  Silicon Beach Software 9770 Carroll Ctr. Rd., Suite J San Diego, CA
  92126 619-695-6956

Dimple
------
  It  is compatible with system 6.05 and system 7.0 , requires Mac LC or
  II series with 256 colours, with a recommended min of 6Mb of ram. It has
  the capability of reading Erdas files. Functions include; image
  enhancement, 3D and contour plots, image statistics, supervised and
  unsupervised classification, PCA and other image transformations. There
  is also a means (Image Operation Language or IOL) by which you can write
  your own transformations. There is no image rectification, however
  Dimple is compatable with MAPII. The latest version is 1.4 and it is in
  the beta stage of testing. Dimple was initially developed as a teaching
  tool and it is very good for this purpose."

  "Dimple  runs on a colour Macintosh.  It is a product still in its
  development phase.. i.e. it doesn't have all the inbuilt features of
  other packages, but is coming along nicely.  It has its own inbuilt
  language for writing "programs" for processing an image, defining
  convolution filters etc. Dimple is a full mac application with pull down
  menus etc... It is unprotected software."

  Process Software Solutions, PO Box 2110, Wollongong, New South Wales,
  Australia. 2500. Phone 61 42 261757  Fax 61 42 264190.

Enhance
-------
  Enhance has a RrulerS tool that supports measurements and additionally
  provides angle data. The tool has over 80 mathematical filter
  variations: "Laplacian, medium noise filter", etc.  Files can be saved
  as either TIFF, PICT, EPSF or text (however EPSF files can't be imported).

  MicroFrontier 7650 Hickman Road Des Moines, IA  50322 515-270-8109

Image Analyst
-------------
  An image processing product for users who need to extract quantitative
  data from video images.  Image Analyst lets users configure
  sophisticated image processing and measurement routines without the
  necessity of knowing a programming language.  It is designed for such
  tasks at computing number and size of cells in images projected by video
  cameras attached to microscopes, or enhancing and measuring distances in
  radiographs.

  Image Analyst provides users with an array of field-proven video
  analysis techniques that enable them to easily assemble a sequence of
  instructions to enhance feature appearance; count objects; determine
  density, shape, size, position, or movement; perform object feature
  extraction; and conduct textural analysis automatically.  Image Analyst
  works with either a framegrabber board and any standard video camera, or
  a disk-stored image.

  Within minutes, without the need for programming, the Image Analyst user
  can set up a process to identify and analyze any element of a image.
  Measurements and statistics can be automatically or semi-automatically
  generated from TIFF or PICT files or from captured video tape images.
  Image Analyst recognizes items in images based on their size, shape and
  position.  The tool provides direct support for the Data Translation and
  Scion frame grabbers. A menu command allows for image capture from a VCR
  video camera or other NTSC or PAL devices.

  There are 2 types of files, the image itself and the related Sequence
  file that holds the processing, measurements and analysis that the user
  defines.  Automated sequences are set up in Regions Of Interest (ROI)
  represented by movable, sizable boxes atop the image.  Inside a ROI, the
  program can find the distance between two edges, the area of a shape,
  the thickness of a wall, etc.  Image Analyst finds the center, edge and
  other positions automatically. The application also provides tools so
  that the user can work interactively to find the edge of object. It also
  supports histograms and a color look-up table (CLUT) tool.

  Automatix, Inc. 775 Middlesex Turnpike Billerica, MA 01821 508-667-7900

IPLab
-----
  Signal Analytics Corp. 374 Maple Ave. E Vienna, VA  22180 703-281-3277
  FAX 703-281-2509

  "Menu-driven image processing software that supports 24-bit color or
  pseudocolor/grayscale image display and manipulation."

MAP II
------
  Among the Mac GIS systems, MAP II distributed by John Wiley has
  integrated image analysis.

IMAGE
-----
  from Stanford : Try anonymous ftp from sumex-aim.stanford.edu
  It has pd source for image v2, and ready to run code for a mac under
  image v3.



Windows/DOS PC-based tools
==========================

CCD
---
  Richard Berry's CCD imaging book for Willamon-Bell contains (optional?)
  disks with image manipulating software.  Source code is included.

ERDAS
-----
  "ERDAS will do all of the things you want:  rectification,
  classification, transformations (canned & user-defined), overlays,
  filters, contrast enhancement, etc. ... I was using it on my thesis &
  then changed the topic a bit & that work became secondary."

  ERDAS, Inc. 2801 Buford Highway Suite 300 Atlanta, GA 30329 404-248-9000
  FAX   404-248-9400

RSVGA
-----
  "I have been getting up to speed on a program called RSVGA available from
  Eidetic Digital Image Ltd. in British Columbia.  Its for IBM PC's or
  clones, cheap (about $400) and does all the stuff Erdas does but is not
  as fast or as powerful, though I have had only limited experience with
  Erdas.  I have used RSVGA with 6 of 7 Landsat bands and it is a good
  starter program except for the obtuse manual"

IMAGINE-32
----------
  It's a 32 bit package [I suppose for PCs] called "Imagine32"
  or "Image32" The program does a modest amount of image processing --add,
  subtract, multiply, divide, display, and plot an x or y cut across the image.
  It can also display a number of images simultaneously.
  The company is CompuScope, in Santa Barbara, CA. 

PC Vista
--------
  It was announced in the 1989 August edition of PASP.  It is known to
  be available from Mike Richmond, whose email addresses have been

	richmond@bllac.berkeley.edu
	richmond@bkyast.berkeley.edu

  and his s-mail address is:

  Michael Richmond,Astronomy Department, Campbell Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720

  The latest version of PC-Vista, version 1.7, includes not only the source
  code and help files, but also a complete set of executable programs and
  a number of sample FITS images. If you do wish to use the source code,
  you will need Microsoft C, version 5.0 or later; other compilers may work,
  but will require substantial modifications.

  To receive the documentation and nine double-density (360K) floppies
  (or three quad-density 3-1/2 inch floppies (1.44M) with everything on them,
  just send a request for PC-Vista, together with your name and a US-Mail
  address, to 

	Office of Technology Licensing
	2150 Shattuck Ave., Suite 510
	Berkeley, Ca. 94704

  Include a check (Traveller's Checks are fine) or purchase order for $150.00
  in U.S. dollars, if your address is inside the continental U.S., or $165.00
  otherwise, made out to Regents of the University of California
  to cover duplication and mailing costs.


SOFTWARE TOOLS
--------------
  It's a set of software "tools" put out by Canyon State
  Systems and Software. They are not free, but rather cheap at about $30 I
  heard. It will handle most all of the formats used by frame grabber
  software. 

MIRAGE
------
  It's image processing software written by Jim Gunn at the
  Astrophysics Dept at Princeton. It will run on a PC among other platforms.
  It is a Forth based system - i.e. a Forth language with many image
  processing displaying functions built in. 

DATA TRANSLATION SOURCE BOOK
----------------------------
  The Data Translation company in Massachusetts publishes a free book
  containing vendors of data analysis hardware and software which is
  compatible with Data Translation and other frame grabbers.
  Surely you can find much more PC-related stuff in it.

MAXEN386
--------
  A couple of Canadians have written a program named MAXEN386 which does
  maximum entropy image deconvolution. Their company is named Digital
  Signal Processing Software, or something like that, and the software is
  mentioned in an article in Astronomy Magazine, either Jan or Feb 92
  (an article on CCD's vs film). 

JANDEL SCIENTIFIC (JAVA)
------------------------
  Another software package (JAVA) is put out by Jandel Scientific. 
  Jandel Scientific, 65 Koch Road, Corte Madera, CA 94925, (415) 924-8640,
  (800) 874-1888.

Microbrian
----------
  Runs on an MS dos platform and uses a 32 bit graphics card
  (Vista), or an about to be released version will support a number of
  super VGA cards.  Its a full blown remote sensed data processing
  system.. It is menu driven (character based screen), but is does not use
  a windowed user interface. Its is hardware protected with a dongle.
  Mbrian = micro Barrier reef Image Anaysis System. It was developed by
  CSIRO (Commonwealth Scientific & Industrial Organization) and is
  marketed/ supported by:

  MPA Australia (51 Lusher Road, Croydon, Victoria
  tel + 61 3 724 4488     fax  +61 3 724 4455)

  There are educational and commercial prices, but be prepared to set
  aside $A10k for the first educational licence.  Subsequent ones come
  cheaper (they need to!) It has installed sites worldwide.  It is widely
  used at ANU.

MicroImage
----------
  The remote sensing lab here at Dartmouth currently uses Terra-Mar's
  MicroImage, on 486 PCs with some fancy display hardware.

  Terra-Mar Resource Information Services, Inc.

  1937 Landings Drive Mountain View, CA  94043 415-964-6900   FAX
  415-964-5430

Unix-based tools
================

IRAF (Image Reduction and Analysis Facility)
--------------------------------------------
  Developed in the National Optical Astronomy Observatory, Kitt Peak AZ
  It is free, you can ftp it from tucana.noao.edu [140.252.1.1]
  and complement it with STSDAS from stsci.edu [130.167.1.2].
  Email to iraf@noao.edu for more details.
  Apparently this is one of the _de facto_ standards in the astronomical
  image community. They issue a newsletter also.
  They seem to support very well their users. Works with VMS also last
  I heard, and practically has its own shell on top of the VMS/Unix shells.

  It's suggested that you get a copy of saoimage for display under X windows.
  Very flexible/extendable  -- tons (literally 3 linear feet) of
  documentation for the general user, skilled user, and programmer.

ALV
---
  A Sun-specific image toolkit.  Version 2.0.6 posted to
  comp.sources.sun on 11dec89.  Also available via email to
  alv-users-request@cs.bris.ac.uk.

AIPS
----
  Astronomical Image Processing System.  Contact: aipsmail@nrao.edu
  (also see the UseNet Newsgroups alt.sci.astro.aips and sci.astro.fits)
  Built by NRAO (National Radio Astronomy Observatory, HQ in Charlottesville,
  VA, sites in NM, AZ, WV).  Software distributed by 9-track, Exabyte, DAT,
  or (non-anonymous) internet ftp.  Documentation (PostScript mostly)
  available via anonymous ftp to baboon.cv.nrao.edu (192.33.115.103),
  directory pub/aips and pub/aips/TEXT/PUBL.  Installation requires building
  the system and thus a Fortran and C compiler.
     This package can read and write FITS data (see sci.astro.fits), and is
  primarily for reduction, analysis, and image enhancement of Radio Astronomy
  data from radio telescopes, particularly the Very Large Array (VLA), a
  synthesis instrument.  It consists of almost 300 programs that do everything
  from copying data to sophisticated deconvolution, e.g. via maximum entropy.
  There is an X11-based Image tool (XAS) and a tek-compatible xterm-based
  graphics tool built into AIPS.  The XAS tool is modelled after the hardware
  functionality of the International Imaging Systems model 70 display unit and
  can do image arithmetic, etc.
    The code is mostly Fortran 77 with some system C language modules, and is
  available for Suns, IBM RS/6000, Dec/Ultrix, Convex, Cray (Unicos), and
  Alliant with support planned for HP-9000/7xx, Solaris 2.1, and maybe SGI.
     There is currently a project - "AIPS++" - underway to rewrite the
  algorithmic functionality of AIPS in a modern setting, using C++ and an
  object oriented approach.  Whereas AIPS is proprietary code (licensed for
  free to non-profit institutions) owner by NRAO and the NSF, AIPS++ will be
  in the public domain at some level, as it is an international effort with
  contributions from the US, Canada, England, the Netherlands, India, and
  Australia to name a few. 

LABOimage
---------
  (version 4.0 is out for X11) It's written in C, and currently
  runs on Sun 3/xxx, Sun 4/xxx (OS3.5, 4.0 and 4.0.3) under SunView.
  The expert system for image segmentation is written in Allegro Common Lisp.
  It was used on the following domains: computer science (image analysis), 
  medicine, biology, physics. It is distributed free of charge (source code).
  Available via anonymous FTP at ftp.ads.com (128.229.30.16), in
  pub/VISION-LIST-ARCHIVE/SHAREWARE/LaboImage_*

  Contact: Prof. Thierry Pun, Computer Vision Group Computing Science Center,
  U-Geneva 12, rue du Lac, CH-1207 Geneva SWITZERLAND
  Phone : +41(22) 787 65 82; fax: +41(22) 735 39 05
  E-mail: pun@cui.unige.ch  or pun@cgeuge51.bitnet


Figaro
------
  It was originally made for VMS, and can be obtained from
  Keith Shortridge in Australia (ks@aaoepp.aao.gov.au)
  and for Unix from Sam Southard at Caltech (sns@deimos.caltech.edu).
  It's about 110Mbytes on a Sun.

KHOROS
------
  Moved to the Scientific  Visualization category below

Vista
-----
  The "real thing" is available via anonymous ftp from lowell.edu. Email to
  vista@lowell.edu for more details. Total size less than 20Mbytes.

DISIMP
------
  (Device Independent Software for Image Processing) is a powerful
  system providing both user friendliness and high functionality in
  interactive times.

  Feature Description

  DISIMP incorporates a rich library of image processing utilities and
  spatial data options. All functions can be easily accessed via the
  DISIMP executive. This menu is modular in design and groups image
  processes by their function. Such a logical structure means that
  complicated processes are simply a progression through a series of
  modules.

  Processes include image rectification, classification (unsupervised and
  supervised), intensity transformations, three dimensional display and
  Principal Component Analysis. DISIMP also supports the more simple and
  effective enhancement techniques of filtering, band subtraction and
  ratioing.

  Host Configuration Requirements

  Running on UNIX workstations, DISIMP is capable of processing the more
  computational intensive techniques in interactive processing times.
  DISIMP is available in both Runtime and Programmer's environments. Using
  the Programmers environment, utilities can be developed for specific
  applications programs.

  Graphics are governed by an icon-based Display Panel which allows quick
  enhancments of a displayed image. Manipulations of Look Up Tables,
  colour stretches, changes to histograms, zooming and panning can be
  interactively driven through this control.

  A range of geographic projections enables DISIMP to integrate data of
  image, graphic and textual types. Images can be rectified by a number of
  coordinate systems, providing the true geographic knowledge essential
  for ground truthing. Overlays of grids, text and vector data can be
  added to further enhance referenced imagery.

  The system is a flexible package allowing users of various skill levels
  to determine their own working environment, including the amount of help
  required. DISIMP comes fully configured with no optional extras. The
  purchase price includes all functionality required for professional
  processing of remote sensed data.

  For further information, please contact:

  The Business Manager, CLOUGH Engineering Group Systems Division, 627
  Chapel Street, South Yarra, Australia 3141. Telephone:  +61 3 825 5555
  Fax:  +61 3 826 6463

Global Imaging Software
-----------------------
  "We use Global Imaging Software to process AVHRR data, from the dish to
  the final display. Select a chunk of five band data from a pass,
  automatic navigation, calibrate it to Albedo and Temp, convert that to
  byte, register it to predesigned window, all relatively automatically
  and carefree.

  It has no classification routines to speak of, but it isn't that
  difficult to write your own with their programmer's module.

  Very small operation: one designs, one codes, one sells. Been around for
  a number of years, sold to Weather Service and Navy.  Runs on HP9000
  with HP-UX.  Supports 24-bit display"

HIPS
----
(Human   Information   Processing Laboratory's Image Processing System)

  Michael Landy co-wrote and sell a general-purpose package for image
  processing which has been used for basically all the usual image
  processing applications (robotics, medical, satellite, engineering, oil
  exploration, etc.).  It is called HIPS, and deals with sequences of
  multiband images in the same way it deals with single images.  It has
  been growing since we first wrote it, both by additions from us as well
  as a huge user-contributed library.

  Feature description

  HIPS  is  a  set  of  image  processing  modules  which together provide
  a  powerful  suite  of  tools  for  those interested in research,
  system  development  and  teaching. It  handles  sequences  of  images
  (movies)  in precisely the same manner as single frames.

  Programs and subroutines have been developed  for simple image
  transformations, filtering, convolution, Fourier and other transform
  processing, edge detection  and line  drawing   manipulation, digital
  image compression and transmission  methods, noise generation, and image
  statistics computation. Over 150 such  image transformation programs
  have been developed.  As a result, almost any image processing  task
  can be performed quickly and conveniently. Additionally, HIPS allows
  users to easily integrate  their  own custom  routines.   New users
  become effective using HIPS on their first day.

  HIPS features images that are  self-documenting.   Each image stored  in
  the  system  contains  a  history  of the transformations that have been
  applied to that image.   HIPS includes  a  small  set of subroutines
  which primarily deals with a standardized  image sequence  header,  and
  a  large library  of  image  transformation tools in the form of UNIX
  ``filters''.  It comes complete with source  code,  on-line manual
  pages, and on-line documentation.

  Host Configuration Requirements

  Originally  developed at  New  York  University,  HIPS  now represents
  one of the most extensive and flexible vision and image  processing
  environments currently available.  It runs under the UNIX operating
  system.  It is modular  and  flexible, provides automatic documentation
  of its actions, and is almost entirely independent of special equipment.
  HIPS is now in use on a variety of computers including Vax and
  Microvax, Sun, Apollo,  Masscomp,  NCR Tower, Iris, IBM AT, etc.
  For image display and input, drivers are supplied for the Grinnell and
  Adage (Ikonas) image processors, and the Sun-2, Sun-3, Sun- 4, and
  Sun-386i consoles.  We also  supply  user-contributed drivers  for  a
  number of  other framestores and windowing packages (Sun gfx, Sun
  console, Matrox VIP-1024, ITI IP-512, Lexidata,  Macintosh II, X
  windowing system, and Iris).  The Hipsaddon package includes an
  interface  for the  CRS-4000. It  is  a  simple matter to interface HIPS
  with other frame- stores, and we can put interested users in touch with
  users who  have interfaced HIPS with the Arlunya and Datacube Max-
  Video. HIPS can be easily adapted for other  image  display devices
  because 98% of HIPS is machine independent.

  Availability

  HIPS has proven itself a highly flexible  system,  both as  an
  interactive  research tool, and for more production- oriented tasks. It
  is both easy to use, and quickly adapted and extended to new uses. HIPS
  is supplied on magnetic tape in UNIX tar format (either reel- to-reel or
  Sun  cartridge), and comes with source code, libraries, a library of
  convolu- tion masks, and on-line documentation and manual pages.

  Michael Landy SharpImage Software P.O. Box 373, Prince Street Station
  New York, NY   10012-0007 Voice:  (212) 998-7857 Fax: (212) 995-4011
  msl@cns.nyu.edu


MIRA
----
[ Please DON'T confuse that with the Thalmanns animation system from
  Montreal. These are altogether different beasts! - nfotis ]

  MIRA stands for Microcomputer Image Reduction and Analysis.  MIRA gives
  workstation level performance on 386/486 DOS computers using SVGA cards in
  256 color modes up to 1024x768. MIRA contains a very handsome/functional
  GUI which is mouse and keystroke operated. MIRA reads/writes TIFF and FITS
  formats, native formats of a number of CCD cameras, and uncompressed binary
  images in byte, short integer, and 4-byte real pixel format in 1- or 2-
  dimensions. The result of an image processing operation can be short integer
  or real pixels, or the same as that of the input image. MIRA does the
  operation using short or floating point arithmetic to maintain the precision
  and accuracy of the pixel format. Over 100 functions are hand-coded in
  assembly language for maximum speed on the Intel hardware.  The entire
  graphical interface is also written in assembly language to maximize
  the speed of windowing operations.  Windows for 2-d image and 1-d image/data
  display and analysis have dedicated cursors which read position and value
  value in real time as you move the mouse.  There are also smooth, real time
  contrast and brightness stretch and panning of a magnified portion of
  the displayed image(s), all operated by the mouse. A wide selection of
  grayscale, pseudocolor, and random palettes is provided, and other 
  palettes can be generated.


Supported functions include such niceties as the following:

o  image & image: + - / * interpolation
o  image & constant: + - / *
o  unary operations: abs value, polynomial of pixel value, chs, 1/x, log,
   byteswap, clip values at upper/lower limits, short->real or real->short.
o  combine images by mean, median, mode, or sum of pixel values, with or
   without autoscaling to mean, median, or mode of an image section.
o  convolutions/filters: Laplacian, Sobel edge operator, directional gradient,
   line, Gaussian, elliptical and rectangular equal weight filters, unsharp
   masking, median filters, user defined filter kernel.  Ellipse, rectangle,
   line, gradient, Gaussian, and user defined filters can be rotated to
   any specified angle.
o  CCD data reduction: flat fielding, dark subtraction, column over/underscan
   bias removal, remove bad pixels and column defects, normalize to
   region target mean, median, or modal value.
o  create subimage, mosaic m x n 1-d or 2-d images to get larger image,
   collapse 2-d image into 1-d image.
o  plot 1-d section or collapsed section of 2-d image, plot histogram of
   region of an image.
o  review/change image information/header data, rename keywords, plot
   keyword values for a set of images.
o  luminance/photometry: elliptical or circular aperture photometry,
   brightness profile, isophotal photometry between set of upper & lower
   luminances, area and luminance inside traced polygon. Interactive
   background fitting and removal from part or all of image, fit elliptical
   aperture shape to image isophotes. 
o  interactive with 2-d image: contrast/brightness, x- y- or diagonal plot
   of pixel values, distance between two points, compute region stats,`
   centroid, pan to x,y location or image center, zoom 1/16 to 10 times,
   change cursor to rectangle crosshair, full image crosshair, or off, and
   adjust cursor size on image. Select linear, log or gamma transfer function
   or histogram equalization.
o  interactive or specified image offset computation and re-sampling for
   registration.
o  interactive with 1-d image: zoom in x- y- or both in steps of 1/2 or
   2 times current, re-center plot, or enlarge a framed area. 4 plot buffers
   can be cycled through. Interactive data analysis: polynomial fitting,
   point deletion, undelete, change value, point weighting, linear and
   quadratic loess and binomial smoothing, revert to unit point weights
   or original data buffer, substitute results into data buffer for pass
   back to calling function. Dump data buffer (+ overlays and error bars)
   to file or printer.  Change to user specified coordinate system.
o  Tricolor image combination and display, hardcopy halftone printout to
   HP-PCL compatible printers (Laserjet, deskjet, etc.)
o  Documentation is over 300 pages in custom vinyl binder.

  Cost: 995 $USD/copy

  Available from:

  Axiom Research, Inc.
  Box 44162
  Tucson, AZ  85733
  (602) 791-2864  phone/fax.

  international marketing rep: Saguaro Scientific Corporation, Tucson, Arizona.

==========================================================================

End of Part 2 of the Resource Listing
/*

This program doesn't detect edges with compass operators and a laplacian
operator. It should output 2 raw grey-scale images with edges. The output
doesn't look like edges at all.

In novicee terms, how do I correct the errors? Any improvements are welcome.
(I'll even accept your corrected code.)

(If I convolve the INPUT.IMAGE with a digital gaussian [7 by 7] to remove
noise, will I get an improvement with the laplacian.)

--------------------------2 types of edge detection-------------------------*/
#include <stdio.h> 
#include <math.h> 

#define IMAGEWIDTH 300
#define IMAGEHEIGHT 300

unsigned char Input_Image [IMAGEHEIGHT][IMAGEWIDTH];

unsigned char Angles_Wanted [IMAGEHEIGHT][IMAGEWIDTH];
unsigned char Magnitude_Image [IMAGEHEIGHT][IMAGEWIDTH];

int Laplace_Op1 [3][3] = { 0,-1, 0, -1,4,-1,  0,-1, 0};

int Compass_Op1 [3][3] = { 1, 1, 1,  0,0, 0, -1,-1,-1};
int Compass_Op2 [3][3] = { 1, 1, 0,  1,0,-1,  0,-1,-1};
int Compass_Op3 [3][3] = { 1, 0,-1,  1,0,-1,  1, 0,-1};
int Compass_Op4 [3][3] = { 0,-1,-1,  1,0,-1,  1, 1, 0};
int Compass_Op5 [3][3] = {-1,-1,-1,  0,0, 0,  1, 1, 1};
int Compass_Op6 [3][3] = {-1,-1, 0, -1,0, 1,  0, 1, 1};
int Compass_Op7 [3][3] = {-1, 0, 1, -1,0, 1, -1, 0, 1};
int Compass_Op8 [3][3] = { 0, 1, 1, -1,0, 1, -1,-1, 0};

void Compass (row,col)
int row,col;
{
  int value;
  int op_rows, op_cols;
  int Compass1,Compass2,Compass3,Compass4;
  int Compass5,Compass6,Compass7,Compass8;
  
  Compass1 = Compass2 = Compass3 = Compass4 = 0;
  Compass5 = Compass6 = Compass7 = Compass8 = 0;
  
  for (op_rows = -1; op_rows < 2; op_rows++)
    for (op_cols = -1; op_cols < 2; op_cols++)
      {
	if (((row + op_rows) >= 0) && ((col + op_cols) >= 0))
	  {
	    
	    Compass1 += ((int) Input_Image [row + op_rows][col + op_cols]) * 
	                       Compass_Op1 [op_rows + 1][op_cols + 1];
	    Compass2 += ((int) Input_Image [row + op_rows][col + op_cols]) * 
	                       Compass_Op2 [op_rows + 1][op_cols + 1];
	    Compass3 += ((int) Input_Image [row + op_rows][col + op_cols]) * 
	                       Compass_Op3 [op_rows + 1][op_cols + 1];
	    Compass4 += ((int) Input_Image [row + op_rows][col + op_cols]) * 
	                       Compass_Op4 [op_rows + 1][op_cols + 1];
	    Compass5 += ((int) Input_Image [row + op_rows][col + op_cols]) * 
	                       Compass_Op5 [op_rows + 1][op_cols + 1];
	    Compass6 += ((int) Input_Image [row + op_rows][col + op_cols]) * 
	                       Compass_Op6 [op_rows + 1][op_cols + 1];
	    Compass7 += ((int) Input_Image [row + op_rows][col + op_cols]) * 
	                       Compass_Op7 [op_rows + 1][op_cols + 1];
	    Compass8 += ((int) Input_Image [row + op_rows][col + op_cols]) * 
	                       Compass_Op8 [op_rows + 1][op_cols + 1];
	    
	  }
      }
  if (Compass1 < Compass2)
    value = Compass2;
  else 
    value = Compass1;      
  if (value < Compass3)
    value = Compass3;
  if (value < Compass4)
    value = Compass4;
  if (value < Compass5)
    value = Compass5;
  if (value < Compass6)
    value = Compass6;
  if (value < Compass7)
    value = Compass7;
  if (value < Compass8)
    value = Compass8;

  Magnitude_Image [row][col] = (char) value;
}

void Laplace1 (row,col)
int row,col;
{
  int op_rows, op_cols;

  Magnitude_Image [row][col] = 0;
  for (op_rows = -1; op_rows < 2; op_rows++)
    for (op_cols = -1; op_cols < 2; op_cols++)
      if (((row + op_rows) >= 0) && ((col + op_cols) >= 0))
	Magnitude_Image [row][col] = 
	  (char) ((int)Magnitude_Image [row][col] +
		  ((int) Input_Image [row + op_rows][col + op_cols] * 
		   Laplace_Op1 [op_rows + 1][op_cols + 1]));
}

main  ()
{
  FILE *Original_Image_fp;
  FILE *Laplace1_mag_fp,*Laplace2_mag_fp,*Laplace3_mag_fp;
  FILE *Compass_mag_fp;

  int row, col, Algo_Count;

  Original_Image_fp = fopen ("INPUT.IMAGE","rb");

  Laplace1_mag_fp = fopen ("Laplace1_Magnitude","wb");
  Compass_mag_fp = fopen ("Compass_Magnitude","wb");

  fread ((unsigned char *) Input_Image,sizeof(unsigned char),IMAGEHEIGHT * IMAGEWIDTH,Original_Image_fp);
  for (Algo_Count = 0; Algo_Count < 2;Algo_Count ++)
    {
      for (row = 0; row < IMAGEHEIGHT; row++) 
	for (col = 0; col < IMAGEWIDTH; col++) 
	  if (!Algo_Count)
	    Laplace1 (row,col);
	  else 
	    Compass (row,col);
      
      if (!Algo_Count)
	fwrite(Magnitude_Image,sizeof(char),IMAGEHEIGHT * IMAGEWIDTH,Laplace1_mag_fp);
      else 
	fwrite(Magnitude_Image,sizeof(char),IMAGEHEIGHT * IMAGEWIDTH,Compass_mag_fp);
    }
}

  

	Why don't you consider PHIGS in X or PEX lib?



I think that you are changing the meaning of "values" here. Perhaps
it is time to backtrack and take a look at the word.

value n. 1. A fair equivalent or return for something, such as goods
or service. 2. Monetary or material worth. 3. Worth as measured in 
usefulness or importance; merit. 4. A principle, standard, or quality
considered inherently worthwhile or desirable. 5. Precise meaning, as
of a word. 6. An assigned or calculated numerical quantity. 7. Mus. 
The relative duratation of a tone or rest. 8. The relative darkness or
lightness of a color. 9. The distinctive quality of a speech or speech
sound. 

In context of a moral system, definition four seems to fit best. In terms
of scientific usage, definitions six or eight might apply. Note that
these definitions do not mean the same thing.

In my mind, to say that science has its basis in values is a bit of a
reach. Science has its basis in observable fact. Even the usages of the
word "value" above do not denote observable fact, but rather a standard
of measurement. I would conclude that science does not have its
basis in values, and so your statement above fails. In fact, if one
concludes that a scientific set of measurements (values) are based on
systems derived from observation, then it must follow that in a
scientific context, there is no such thing as there is no such thing as
"objective values."

Back to the present. This has nothing to do with a moral system anyhow.
Just because the word "values" is used in both contexts does not mean
that there is a relationship between the two contexts.

If one is to argue for objective values (in a moral sense) then one must
first start by demonstrating that morality itself is objective. Considering
the meaning of the word "objective" I doubt that this will ever happen.

So, back to the original question:

And objective morality is.....?

If you can provide an objective foundation for "morality" then that will
be a good beginning.



The problem you see here is that some Christians claim things about
the Bible which they don't actually believe or practice. I've known
all sorts of Christians, ranging from the trendiest of liberals to
the fire-breathing fundamentalists, and although many on the 
conservative side of the Christian faith do claim that the Bible is
a (perhaps *the*) source of absolute truth, I don't know of anyone
who treats it as anything other than a valuable part of a living tradition.
While I am not a Roman Catholic, I believe this is close to the official
position of the RC church (perhaps an RC would like to comment).

The particular practice you refer to will usually be explained in
terms of the social context of the time. You would think the fact 
that the conservatives seem to have to break out the tophat-and-cane 
and give you some big song-and-dance routine about why this 
(other passages as well) aren't directly applicable today would 
show them that what they claim about the Bible and what they 
actually practice are two different things, but mostly it doens't.

While this thread is supposed to be about the arrogance of Christians,
I would suggest that some of the problem is really hypocrasy, in this
case, making claims about the Bible which the claimants don't actually
put into practice. But if we step back from the name-calling and
look at what people are attempting to say, we see that they are trying
to express very concisely the unique place the Bible holds within the
Christian faith. So when people use such words or phrases as "Word of
God", "inerrant", "infallibale", "The Manufacturer's Handbook", "The
only rule of faith and practice in the church today" to describe the
Bible, we should try to hear what they are saying and not just look at
the mere words they use. Some of the above descriptions are demostratably
false and others are self-contradictory, but in my experience people are
generally pretty good at picking out the intention of the speaker even
when the speaker's words are at variance with their intentions. A Biblical
example is from the garden of Eden where God asks "Where are you?" and Adam
explains that he was naked and afraid and hid himself. If Adam had
answered God's words he would have said something like "I'm here in this
tree." The problem seems to arise when Christians insist that these
words are indeed accurate reflections of their beleif. Most people
have not made a determined effort to work out their own understanding of
the place of the Bible within their own faith and so rely on the phrases
and explanations that others use.

I hope this helps.
--
                                                                     ___
Bill Rea                                                            (o o)
-------------------------------------------------------------------w--U--w---

how can >this possibly be fair to the infants?

What do you mean fair?  God is just, giving to everyone what they
deserve. As all infants are in sin from the time of conception (cf
Romans 5.12, Psalm 1.7), they cannot possibly merit heaven, and as
purgatory is for the purging of temporal punishment and venial sins, it
is impossible that origianl sin can be forgiven.  Hence, the unbaptized
infants are cut off from the God against whom they, with the whole of
the human race except Mary, have sinned.  Which is why Jesus said,
"Truly, truly I say to you, no one can enter the Kingdom of God unless
he is born of water and Spirit" which is the true meaning of born again
(John 3.5).  Thus, as infants are in sin, it is very fair for them to be
cut off from God and exlcuded from heaven.

As St. Augustine said, "I did not invent original sin, which the
Catholic faith holds from ancient time; but you, who deny it, without a
doubt are a follower of a new heresy."  (De nuptiis, lib. 11.c.12)

Maybe I'm a little tired but I can't seem to follow the logic here. If 
whatever is held true on earth is held true in heaven how is it that a priest
(RC only apparently) is required. 

In fact if I read the next verse correctly (Matthew 18:19) I understand that
for a marriage to take place only two are required to agree on earth touching
one thing and it shall be done.

Todd


Let's say you have a scanned image of a line drawing; in this case a
boat, but it could be anything.  On the drawing you have a set of
reference points whose true x,y positions are known.  

Now you digitize the drawing manually (in this case, using Yaron
Danon's excellent Digitize program).  That is, you use a program which
converts cursor positions to x,y and saves those values when you click
the mouse.

Upon digitizing you notice that the reference point values that come
out of the digitizing process differ in small but significant ways
from the known true values.  This is understandable because the
scanned drawing is a reproduction of the original and there are
successive sources of distortion such as differential expansion and
contraction of paper, errors introduced in the printing process,
scanner errors and what have you.

The errors are not uniform over the entire drawing, so "global"
adjustments such as stretching/contracting uniformly over x or y, or
rotating the whole drawing, are not satisfactory.

So the question is: does any kind soul know of an algorithm for
removing such distortion?  In particular, if I have three sets of
points 

Reference(x,y) (the known true values)

DistortedReference(x,y) (the same points, with known errors)

DistortedData(x,y) (other points, with unknown errors)

what function of Reference and Distorted could I apply to
DistortedData to remove the errors.

I suspect the problem could be solved by treating the distorted
reference points as resulting from the projection of a "bumpy" 3d
surface, solving for the surface and then "flattening" it to remove
the errors in the other data points.

Any kind and informed soul out there have any ideas, or better yet,
pointers to treatments of the same or similar problems?

Thanks,
Robert, you keep making references to "orthodox" belief, and saying things
like "it is held that..." (cf. "Kermit" thread).  On what exact body of
theology are you drawing for what you call "orthodox?"  Who is that "holds
that" Luke meant what you said he meant?  Whenever your personal interpretation
of Biblical passages is challenged, your only response seems
to be that one needs merely to "look at the Bible" in order to see the truth,
but what of those who see Biblical things differently from you?  Are we to
simply assume that you are the only one who really understands it?
  Just curious,

On 12-Apr-93 in Environmentalism and paganism

And what of those of us who already have answers to their questions without
turning to christianity (or, in my case, any religion)?  Whay RIGHT do you
have to presume to lecture me about what I should believe??
There has been some talk recently of Latin rites from the early Church used to
bless same-sex unions.If anyone has any idea where copies of these rites
exist (in whole or in part), please notify me by e-mail.  (I understand that
similar ceremonies written in Slavonic exist as well.  Let me know where I can
find these.)  It doesn't matter whether the Latin rite is in the original or a
translation.  However, I would prefer to have an English version of the Slavon-
ic rite, if it exists.  Thanks in advance.

Doug Hayes @ PSU
So long as we think that good things are what we *have* to do rather than
what we come to *want* to do, we miss the point. The more we love God; the
more we come to love what and whom He loves.

When I find that what I am doing is not good, it is not a sign to try
even harder (Romans 7:14-8:2); it is a sign to seek God. When I am aware 
of Jesus' presence, I usually want what He wants. It is His strenth, His love 
that empowers my weakness.


The NASM photo archives are open to the public.  All (or almost all)
still pictures in the collection are available for viewing, but I
don't know about films.  At least it might be worth a try.  I'm not
sure if appointments are necessary, but I think not.

Good luck, and let us know what you find.

Dominik,

	Have you tried xgrasp?  It's out there on several ftp sites.(not sure which, but archie can find it, I'm sure.)  It works ok but it lacks an interface.

If you would bother to check in any good dictioanry or thesaurus, I think
you will find that "arrogance" has to do with an offensive exhibition of
presumed or real superiority (a paraphrase from my own Webster's).
Arrognace is about pride and haughtiness. A person can believe in absolute
truth, even blindly (whatever that means) without being obnoxious about it.
Just as a person can be a "humble," authority-questioning,
defying-any-theist-to-reply athiest and be quite arrogant. Arrogance is not
about what you believe, it is about how you relate to what you believe and
how you present it to others. If your overwhelming experience of Christians
has been that they are arrogant, I apologozing both for myself and on the
behalf of those who have offfended you. But my own experience, at least in
forums like Usenet where you see a good mix of people, is that arrogant
Christians and athiests seems to occur in about equal numbers.

- Phil -

 Yes, I want to concentrate on other development issues - I've created graphics
 libraries before, it's too time consuming... life's too short!


 Thanks for the clarification... Before posting my original request I had looked
 into the Mac's 3D capabilities and dismissed them as low grade.
Hitherto have ye asked nothing
	in my name:
	ask, and ye shall receive,
	that your joy may be full.
Hello everyone.

Last week I posted a similar question to alt.wedding.  Now I come in
search of a deeper-level answer.

My fiance is Lutheran and I am Catholic.  We plan on getting married in
her church because she is living there now and I plan on moving there
in a month or so.  I called my Catholic priest to find out what I needed
to do in order for the marriage to be recognized by my church.

Needless to say that I have found that there is no "hard and fast" rule
when it comes to how the Catholic law for interfaith weddings is interpreted.
But I'm pretty sure that we CAN get married without too much problem; the
trick lies in the letter of dispensation.

But that is not why I am here....

What I'd like to know is: 
  What are the main differences between the Lutheran and Catholic religions?
  My priest mumbled something about how the Eucharist was understood...
  I have heard that if two religions combine soon, it would be these two.

Any help would be appreciated...

Thanks so much!

Bill
-- 
  Bill Burns  [ Internet: wdburns@mtu.edu ]  Mac Network System Administrator
              [ AppleLink: SHADOW         ]  Apple Student Rep, MTU
First we must band together as friends,
     then mearcilessly crush our enemies into paste.



Lindbergh's flight took place in '27, not the thirties.


Could you give examples of privately funded ones?


Your logic certainly applies to standard investment strategies.  However, the
concept of a prize for a difficult goal is done for different reasons, I 
suspect.  I'm not aware that Mr Orteig received any significant economic 
benefit from Lindbergh's flight.  Modern analogies, such as the prize for a
human powered helicopter face similar arguments.  There is little economic
benefit in such a thing.  The advantage comes in the new approaches developed
and the fact that a prize will frequently generate far more work than the 
equivalent amount of direct investment would.  A person who puts up $ X billion
for a moon base is much more likely to do it because they want to see it done
than because they expect to make money off the deal.
If all of these things have been detected in space, has anyone
looked into possible problems with the detectors?

That is, is there some mechanism (cosmic rays, whatever) that
could cause the dector to _think_ it was seeing one of these
things?
Speech by Pete Worden
                                    
          Delivered Before the U.S. Space Foundation Conference
                                    
                       Colorado Springs, Colorado
                                    
                             April 15, 1993


     What a delightful opportunity to cause some trouble.  For
providing me this forum I would sincerely like to thank the U.S.
Space Foundation.  My topic today is the Single Stage Rocket
Technology rocket or SSRT.  By I intend to speak of more.  How to
lower the cost and make rapid progress.  SSRT is to my mind --
and I hope to convince you -- the erupting a new rallying cry for
our generation in space -- Faster, Cheaper, and Better.

     Faster, Cheaper, Better and SSRT represent the passing of a
torch from one technical generation to another.  It is a new
thing to be sure -- but it is also a relearning of old things
from past masters.

     When we rolled out the SSRT baby two weeks ago, so called
experts told us it violates the laws of physics -- it made no
sense.  For example, Dr. Eberhart Rachtin - former president of
the Aerospace Corp., said of SSRT in the L.A. Times that it,
"defies the best principles of launching payloads into space." 
Well Dr. Rachtin -- you've made us mad!  What are these
principles that SSRT defies?

     Well I'll tell you.  It violates the principle that you need
a giant program office to build space hardware.  It violates the
"fact" that it takes 20 years to build something new.  And it
violates the truism that you cant do anything significant for
less than many billions of dollars.

     It took some of the last generation's experts to teach us
some new/old lessons.  Werhner Von Braun's first rocket was not a
Saturn V.  General Schriever's ICBM's didn't take ten years to
demonstrate.  And the X-1 airplane didn't cost $1 billion.

     It took one of the great engineers of the 1950's to remind
us of these truths -- Max Hunter.  Max, to remind you, was a
senior engineer in the Thor IRBM program, and old faster, better,
cheaper success story.  Max has been persistent in a vision of a
single stage reusable space launch system since the 1960's. 
Because he knew it had to be done in affordable steps - Build a
little, Test a little.

     Next he persuaded us to do a technology demonstration.  We
didn't solicit a bunch of requirements -- they'd just change
every few years anyway.  [ not included in the speech -- The
ALS/NLS has such ephemeral requirements that it would better
known as "Shape Shifter" than "Space Lifter."  We didn't spend a
lot money -- this X-Rocket only cost $60 million.  When's the
last time we even built a new airplane for that?  And it didn't
take a lot of time to build -- McDonnell Douglas completed it in
18 months.  Finally, the government program office consisted of
one very over-worked Air Force Major -- motivated in part by the
threat that he'd get to ride on it in a strapped-on lawn chair if
it ran over cost or schedule.

     As I described what SSRT is -- and isn't keep in mind its
only a first step.  There are several more steps -- and steps
that can easily fail -- before the U.S. can field an SSTO.  But
each step should follow the same principles -- a small management
team -- a few years technology demonstration -- and a modest
budget.

     Let me show a few details on SSRT and how it might evolve:
(See charts)

     I'm embarrassed when my generation is compared with the last
generation -- the giants of the last great space era, the 1950's
and 1960's.  They went to the moon - we built a telescope that
can't see straight.  They soft-landed on Mars - the least we
could do is soft-land on Earth!

     But we do have an answer.  We can follow their build a
little, test a little philosophy to produce a truly affordable
and routine access to space.  I know there are nay sayers among
you -- those who say SSRT is a stunt.  It needs more thermal
protection, the engines are wrong, it would be better to land
horizontally, etc, etc.

     I say to you -- we'll see you at White Sands in June.  You
bring your view-graphs, and I'll bring my rocketship.  If we do
what we say we can do, then you let us do the next step.  [ not
included in the speech:  If we fail -- you still have your
program offices, staff summary sheets, requirement analyses, and
decade long programs.]

This claim was made when someone spotted training film footage spliced into
the footage of the actual spacewalk.
Check out Image Pals v1.2 from U-Lead (until May, special $99 intro price,
310-523-9393). It has the basic image processing tools for all major formats,
does screen grabbing, and allows all your image files to be calalogged into
a thumbnail database. It's great!

Henry,

didn't the Little Joe  and Big Joe  get built in under a year?
6 months for little Joe,  and 12 Months for Big Joe?

i thought i saw something on that for  a old mercury film.

Jews won't agree with you, Malcolm.

Cheers,
Kent


They recycled a lot of models and theme music for UFO.  Some of the
concepts even showed up in SPACE: 1999. 




So they should sue the newspaper I got it from for printing it.
The article didn't say anything about copyrights.

Louis

Hello,
    I've recently had Povray draw about 10 sample files. The problem is that
I accidently erased the command in my povray.def that made the image a targas
file. So now the files are the dump format. How do I fix these files with out
having to re-trace them? By fix I mean, turn them into targas. Thanks in
advance.
                                                -Jerry
I am writing some utilies to convert Regis and Tektonic esacpe sequences  
into some useful formats. I would rather not have to goto a bitmap format.  
I can convert them to Window Meta FIles easily enough, but I would rather  
convert them to Corel Draw, .CDR, or MS Power Point, .PPT, files.  
Microsoft would not give me the format. I was wondering if anybody out  
there knows the formats for these two applications.


subscribe comp.graphics
quit

Archive-name: space/launchers
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:11 $

ORBITAL AND PLANETARY LAUNCH SERVICES

The following data comes from _International Reference Guide to Space Launch
Systems_ by Steven J. Isakowitz, 1991 edition.

Notes:
    * Unless otherwise specified, LEO and polar paylaods are for a 100 nm
	orbit.
    * Reliablity data includes launches through Dec, 1990. Reliabity for a
	familiy of vehicles includes launches by types no longer built when
	applicable
    * Prices are in millions of 1990 $US and are subject to change.
    * Only operational vehicle families are included. Individual vehicles
	which have not yet flown are marked by an asterisk (*) If a vehicle
	had first launch after publication of my data, it may still be
	marked with an asterisk.


Vehicle        |     Payload  kg  (lbs)   | Reliability | Price | Launch Site
(nation)       |  LEO	   Polar    GTO   |		|	| (Lat. & Long.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ariane					    35/40  87.5%	  Kourou
(ESA)								 (5.2 N, 52.8 W)
  AR40		4,900	  3,900    1,900    1/1		  $65m
	       (10,800)  (8,580)  (4,190)
  AR42P		6,100	  4,800    2,600    1/1		  $67m
	       (13,400)  (10,600) (5,730)
  AR44P		6,900	  5,500    3,000    0/0 ?	  $70m
	       (15,200)  (12,100) (6,610)
  AR42L		7,400	  5,900    3,200    0/0 ?	  $90m
	       (16,300)  (13,000) (7,050)
  AR44LP	8,300	  6,600    3,700    6/6		  $95m
	       (18,300)  (14,500) (8,160)
  AR44L		9,600	  7,700    4,200    3/4		  $115m
	       (21,100)  (16,900) (9,260)

* AR5	       18,000	   ???	   6,800    0/0		  $105m
	      (39,600)		  (15,000)
	       [300nm]


Atlas					   213/245 86.9%	 Cape Canaveral
(USA)								 (28.5 N, 81.0W)
  Atlas E	 --	   820	     --     15/17	  $45m	 Vandeberg AFB
			  (1,800)				(34.7 N, 120.6W)

  Atlas I	5,580	  4,670    2,250    1/1		  $70m
	       (12,300)  (10,300) (4,950)

  Atlas II	6,395	  5,400    2,680    0/0		  $75m
	       (14,100)  (11,900) (5,900)

  Atlas IIA	6,760	  5,715    2,810    0/0		  $85m
	       (14,900)  (12,600) (6,200)

* Atlas IIAS	8,390	  6,805    3,490    0/0		  $115m
	       (18,500)  (15,000) (7,700)


Delta					   189/201 94.0%	 Cape Canaveral
(USA)								 Vandenberg AFB
  Delta 6925	3,900	  2,950    1,450   14/14	  $45m
	       (8,780)	 (6,490)  (3,190)

  Delta 7925	5,045	  3,830    1,820    1/1		  $50m
	       (11,100)  (8,420)  (2,000)


Energia					    2/2  100%		 Baikonur
(Russia)							 (45.6 N 63.4 E)
  Energia      88,000	 80,000     ???     2/2		  $110m
	      (194,000) (176,000)


H series				    22/22 100%		 Tangeshima
(Japan)								(30.2 N 130.6 E)
* H-2	       10,500	 6,600	   4,000    0/0		  $110m
	      (23,000)	(14,500)  (8,800)


Kosmos					   371/377 98.4%	 Plestek
(Russia)							 (62.8 N 40.1 E)
  Kosmos      1100 - 1350  (2300 - 3000)		 $???	 Kapustin Yar
	      [400 km orbit ??? inclination]			 (48.4 N 45.8 E)


Long March				    23/25 92.0%		 Jiquan SLC
(China)								 (41 N	100 E)
* CZ-1D		 720	  ???	    200     0/0		  $10m	 Xichang SLC
		(1,590)		   (440)			 (28 N	102 E)
								 Taiyuan SLC
  CZ-2C		3,200	  1,750    1,000    12/12	  $20m	 (41 N	100 E)
	       (7,040)	 (3,860)  (2,200)

  CZ-2E		9,200	   ???	   3,370    1/1		  $40m
	       (20,300)		  (7,430)

* CZ-2E/HO     13,600	   ???	   4,500    0/0		  $???
	      (29,900)		  (9,900)

  CZ-3		???	   ???	   1,400    6/7		  $33m
				  (3,100)

* CZ-3A		???	   ???	   2,500    0/0		  $???m
				  (5,500)

  CZ-4		4,000	   ???	   1,100    2/2		  $???m
	       (8,800)		  (2,430)


Pegasus/Taurus				    2/2   100%		Peg:  B-52/L1011
(USA)								Taur: Canaveral
  Pegasus	 455	   365	    125     2/2		  $10m	  or Vandenberg
		(1,000)   (800)    (275)

* Taurus	1,450	  1,180     375     0/0		  $15m
	       (3,200)	 (2,600)   (830)


Proton					   164/187 87.7%	 Baikonour
(Russia)
  Proton       20,000	   ???	   5,500   164/187	  $35-70m
	      (44,100)		  (12,200)


SCOUT					    99/113 87.6%	Vandenberg AFB
(USA)								Wallops FF
  SCOUT G-1	 270	   210	    54	    13/13	  $12m	(37.9 N  75.4 W)
		(600)	  (460)    (120)			San Marco
								(2.9 S	40.3 E)
* Enhanced SCOUT 525	   372	   110	    0/0		  $15m
		(1,160)   (820)   (240)


Shavit					    2/2   100%		Palmachim AFB
(Israel)							( ~31 N)
  Shavit	 ???	   160	   ???	    2/2		  $22m
			  (350)

Space Shuttle				    37/38  97.4%	Kennedy Space
(USA)								Center
  Shuttle/SRB  23,500	   ???	   5,900    37/38	  $248m (28.5 N 81.0 W)
	      (51,800)		  (13,000)		  [FY88]

* Shuttle/ASRM 27,100	   ???	   ???	    0/0
	      (59,800)


SLV					    2/6    33.3%	SHAR Center
(India)       (400km)  (900km polar)				(13.9 N 80.4 E)
  ASLV		150	   ???	    ???     0/2		  $???m
	       (330)

* PSLV		3,000	  1,000     450     0/0		  $???m
	       (6,600)	 (2,200)   (990)

* GSLV		8,000	   ???	   2,500    0/0		  $???m
	       (17,600)		  (5,500)


Titan					    160/172 93.0%	Cape Canaveral
(USA)								Vandenberg
  Titan II	 ???	  1,905     ???     2/2		   $43m
			 (4,200)

  Titan III    14,515	  ???	   5,000    2/3		   $140m
	      (32,000)		  (11,000)

  Titan IV/SRM 17,700	 14,100    6,350    3/3		   $154m-$227m
	      (39,000)	(31,100)  (14,000)

 Titan IV/SRMU 21,640	 18,600    8,620    0/0		   $???m
	      (47,700)	(41,000)  (19,000)


Vostok					    1358/1401 96.9%	Baikonur
(Russia)		 [650km]				Plesetsk
  Vostok	4,730	  1,840     ???     ?/149	   $14m
	      (10,400)	(4,060)

  Soyuz		7,000	   ???	    ???     ?/944	   $15m
	      (15,400)

  Molniya	1500kg (3300 lbs) in	    ?/258	   $???M
		Highly eliptical orbit

ON the subject of how many competing RC orders there are, let me point out the
Golden Dawn is only the *outer* order of that tradition.  The inner order is
the Roseae Rubeae et Aurae Crucis.  That's Ruby Rose and Gold Cross, in rough
translation.  The G.'.D.'. is a Rosicrucian order, as are all derivative
groups.  Of course, real Rosicrucians never admit to being Rosicrucian.

Enjoy the journey!
                      --Br'anArthur
                                      Queer, Peculiar, and Wyrd! :-)


There are a lot of people running around saying "God told me this" and 
"God told me that" these days.  Some people really have heard God, and others
heard their glands.  Mario Murrillo mentioned this in a sermon once.  He
said someone told him, "The Lord gave me a song."  He said that it was
the worst song he had ever heard.

"I know why he gave you that song," Murillo said, "He didn't want it anymore."

But God does still speak to His people today, and the idea is contrary to the
idea of a closed cannon.  Ireneaus wrote about all the gifts of the Spirit
in the church of His day (2nd and 3rd century) and he was one of the first
to put forth a New Testament cannon, which was almost identical to the one
we have today.  He believed in a closed cannon.  

Many prophets prophesied prophecies which were not recorded in the Scriptures.
For example, one prophet in Kings, whose name starts with an "M" who
prophecied that the king would lose a battle.  That is the only prophecy
he gave recorded in Scripture, and we no that he had given other prophecies
because the king complained before he heard the prophecy, "He never prophesies
anything good about me."  Yet only one little paragraph of all of his 
lifetime of prophecies are recorded in Scripture.  There are numerous examples.
Barnabas was a prophet, Acts says, before he was even sent out as an 
apostle.  Yet his writings are not recorded in Scripture.  Only two of
Agabus prophecies are mentioned in Scripture.  He was already a prophet
before he gave them.  

So prophecy may be genuine and from God, but that does not make it 
Scripture.  


I don't know about translations of Scripture, but I am familiar with 
prophecies that give applications for Scripture.  There are also 
similar examples in the Bible.  Several times Peter interprets prophecies
in a seemingly prophetic way, for example, "And his bishoprick let another
take" concerning Judas office.

A clearer example can be found in Matthew 24.  Jesus is prophesying about
what will happen before His return and He quotes a passage out of Joel
about the sun being darkened and the moon turning to blood.  So Scriptural
prophecy can be used in later prophecy.  

Sometimes this sort of thing can cross over into being a word of knowledge,
but gifts of the Spirit seem to overlap.  Words of knowledge and wisdom
can overlap.  The word of knowledge and prophecy can overlap.  
Interpretation of tounges is very similar to prophecy.  Healings are often
considered miracles.  So sometimes the distinction between gifts is a 
bit hazy.  Imho, it doesn't usually matter that much if we are able to
label a phenomenon, as long as we recognize them as the work of the 
Spirit, and use them according to His leading.
Our group recently bought a Mitsubishi P78U video printer and I could use some
help with it.  We bought this thing because it (1) has a parallel data input in
addition to the usual video signal inputs and (2) claimed to print 256 gray
level images.  However, the manual that came with it only describes how to
format the parallel data to print 1 and 4 bit/pixel images.  After some initial
problems with the parallel interface I now have this thing running from a
parallel port of an Hewlett-Packard workstation and I can print 1 and 4
bit/pixel images just fine.  I called the Mitsubishi people and asked about the
256 level claim and they said that was only available when used with the video
signal inputs.  This was not mentioned in the sales literature.  However they
did say the P78U can do 6 bit/pixel (64 level) images in parallel mode, but
they didn't have any information about how to program it to do so, and they
would call Japan, etc.

Frankly, I find it hard to believe that if this thing can do 8 bit/pixel images
from the video source, it can't store 8 bits/pixel in the memory.  It's not
like memory is that expensive any more.  If anybody has any information on
getting 6 bit/pixel (or even 8 bit/pixel) images out of this thing, I would
greatly appreciate your sending it to me.

Thanks.
If this question is covered elsewhere, I apologize, but I need information
fast.

My department has been given a large sum of money to install a video system
on our network of IBM RS6000 workstations.  This is not an area in which I
have any expertise, so I wonder if anyone out there can offer advice.  We
would like a system, based either on VHS or 8mm video which will allow one 
write video, frame by frame on tape for play-back in real time.  It's for
visualization of physics problems.  Can anyone tell me what hardware is
available which would work for our system?  Some support software is
obviously needed too, but nothing particularly sophisticated, since the
software we actually use for the visualization is all already written.

Please email with replies, as I don't read this group.  Many thanks for your
help.
==============================================================================

davem@bnr.ca (Dave Mielke) writes,

 
  
I am extremely uncomfortable with this way of phrasing it.  God's love 
is unconditional, unqualified, unfathomable.  We are capable of 
rejecting God's love but He never fails to love us.

These verses do not show that God's love is qualified but rather that He 
is opposed to evil.

I am uncomfortable with the tract in general because there seems to be 
an innappropriate emphasis on Hell.  God deserves our love and worship 
because of who He is.  I do not like the idea of frightening people into 
accepting Christ.  

I see evangelism as combining a way of living that shows God's love with 
putting into words and explaining that love.  Preaching the Gospel 
without living the Gospel is no better than being a noisy gong or a 
clanging cymbal.

Here's a question:  How many of you are Christians because you are 
afraid of going to Hell?  How many are responding to God's love?




Remember the OT doctrine of 2 witnesses?  Perhaps the prophets
testified He is coming.  The Apostles, testified He came.



It is just as Christ said about his return:

"Some will say, 'He is in the desert.' or some will say, 'He is in the
wilderness.'  But do not believe them.  For as lightning flashes east to
west so shall the coming of the Son of Man be."  
                                         { My paraphrase - I think the
verse is
                                           somewhere in John }

Jon

----------------
sig file broken....

please try later...
Here is a way to get the commericial companies into space and mineral
exploration.

Basically get the eci-freaks to make it so hard to get the minerals on earth..
You think this is crazy. Well in a way it is, but in a way it is reality.

There is a billin the congress to do just that.. Basically to make it so
expensive to mine minerals in the US, unless you can by off the inspectors or
tax collectors.. ascially what I understand from talking to a few miner friends 
of mine, that they (the congress) propose to have a tax on the gross income of
the mine, versus the adjusted income, also the state governments have there
normal taxes. So by the time you get done, paying for materials, workers, and
other expenses you can owe more than what you made.
BAsically if you make a 1000.00 and spend 500. ofor expenses, you can owe
600.00 in federal taxes.. Bascially it is driving the miners off the land.. And
the only peopel who benefit are the eco-freaks.. 

Basically to get back to my beginning statement, is space is the way to go
cause it might just get to expensive to mine on earth because of either the
eco-freaks or the protectionist.. 
Such fun we have in these interesting times..
To: margoli@watson.ibm.com (Larry Margolis)
From: anthony.landreneau@ozonehole.com

LM>>The rape has passed, there is nothing that will ever take that away.

LM>True.  But forcing her to remain pregnant continues the violation of
LM>her body for another 9 months.  I see this as being unbelievably cruel.

Life is not a "violation". As for cruel, killing a living being solely
because it exsist. That my friend is down right cold.

                                   Anthony


 * SLMR 2.1 * What's the difference between an Orange?
                      


"Finally, brethern, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is
right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is of good repute,
if there is any excellence and if anything worthy of praise, let your
mind dwell on these things."  Phil. 4:8.

I've sent the article.  In terms of the group discussion, I wanted to point
out that "non-liberal education" (head in the sand) is not the same as
"abstinence education".

We had "non-liberal education" regarding drugs when I was a kid in the 60's,
which didn't do us a lot of good.  But "abstinence education" regarding
drugs has proven effective, I think.


Douglas Adams once said (paraphrased from memory): "I just picked it.  It
seemed like the sort of number you wouldn't be afraid to take home to meet
your parents.  Nice and even, perfectly normal."

I wrote in response to dlecoint@garnet.acns.fsu.edu (Darius_Lecointe):


Was Paul a God too? Is an interpretation of the words of Paul of higher
priority than the direct word of Jesus in Matt5:14-19? Paul begins
Romans 14 with "If someone is weak in the faith ..." Do you count
yourself as one who is weak in the faith?


Yes, but what does the Bible have to say? What did Jesus say? Paul
closes Romans 14 with, "On the other hand, the person with doubts about
something who eats it anyway is guilty, because he isn't acting on his
faith, and any failure to act on faith is a sin." Gaus, ISBN:0-933999-99-2
Have you read the Ten Commandments which are a portion of the Law? Have
you read Jesus' word in Matt5:14-19? Is there any doubt in your mind
about what is right and what is sin (Greek hamartia = missing the mark)?


Whereas, the Ten Commandments and Jesus' words in Matt5:14-19 are fairly
clear, are they not?


Matt5:14-19 doesn't answer your question?


Breaking bread - roughly synonymous with eating.


How do you unite this concept of yours with the Ten Commandments and
Jesus's word in Matt5:14-19?


Or, they assumed that the Ten Commandments and Jesus' word in
Matt5:14-19 actually stood for something? Perhaps they were "strong in
the faith?"

---------------------------

[No, I don't believe that Paul can overrule God.  However Paul was
writing for a largely Gentile audience.  The Law was regarded by Jews
at the time (and now) as binding on Jews, but not on Gentiles.  There
are rules that were binding on all human beings (the so-called Noachic
laws), but they are quite minimal.  The issue that the Church had to
face after Jesus' death was what to do about Gentiles who wanted to
follow Christ.  The decision not to impose the Law on them didn't say
that the Law was abolished.  It simply acknowledged that fact that it
didn't apply to Gentiles.  Thus there is no contradiction with Mat 5.
As far as I can tell, both Paul and other Jewish Christians did
continue to participate in Jewish worship on the Sabbath.  Thus they
continued to obey the Law.  The issue was (and is) with Gentile
Christians, who are not covered by the Law (or at least not by the
ceremonial aspects of it).

Jesus dealt mostly with Jews.  I think we can reasonably assume that
Mat 5 was directed to a Jewish audience.  He did interact with
Gentiles a few times (e.g. the centurion whose slave was healed and a
couple of others).  The terms used to describe the centurion (see Luke
7) suggest that he was a "God-fearer", i.e. a Gentile who followed
God, but had not adopted the whole Jewish Law.  He was commended by
Jewish elders as a worthy person, and Jesus accepted him as such.
This seems to me to indicate that Jesus accepted the prevailing view
that Gentiles need not accept the Law.

However there's more involved if you want to compare Jesus and Paul on
the Law.  In order to get a full picture of the role of the Law, we
have to come to grips with Paul's apparent rejection of the Law, and
how that relates to Jesus' commendation of the Law.  At least as I
read Paul, he says that the Law serves a purpose that has been in a
certain sense superceded.  Again, this issue isn't one of the
abolition of the Law.  In the middle of his discussion, Paul notes
that he might be understood this way, and assures us that that's not
what he intends to say.  Rather, he sees the Law as primarily being
present to convict people of their sinfulness.  But ultimately it's an
impossible standard, and one that has been superceded by Christ.
Paul's comments are not the world's clearest here, and not everyone
agrees with my reading.  But the interesting thing to notice is that
even this radical position does not entail an abolition of the Law.
It still remains as an uncompromising standard, from which not an iota
or dot may be removed.  For its purpose of convicting of sin, it's
important that it not be relaxed.  However for Christians, it's not
the end -- ultimately we live in faith, not Law.

While the theoretical categories they use are rather different, in the
end I think Jesus and Paul come to a rather similar conclusion.  The
quoted passage from Mat 5 should be taken in the context of the rest
of the Sermon on the Mount, where Jesus shows us how he interprets the
Law.  The "not an iota or dot" would suggest a rather literal reading,
but in fact that's not Jesus' approach.  Jesus' interpretations
emphasize the intent of the Law, and stay away from the ceremonial
details.  Indeed he is well known for taking a rather free attitude
towards the Sabbath and kosher laws.  Some scholars claim that Mat
5:17-20 needs to be taken in the context of 1st Cent. Jewish
discussions.  Jesus accuses his opponents of caring about giving a
tenth of even the most minor herbs, but neglecting the things that
really matter: justice, mercy and faith, and caring about how cups and
plates are cleaned, but not about the fact that inside the people who
use them are full of extortion and rapacity.  (Mat 23:23-25) This, and
the discussion later in Mat 5, suggest that Jesus has a very specific
view of the Law in mind, and that when he talks about maintaining the
Law in its full strength, he is thinking of these aspects of it.
Paul's conclusion is similar.  While he talks about the Law being
superceded, all of the specific examples he gives involve the
"ceremonial law", such as circumcision and the Sabbath.  He is quite
concerned about maintaining moral standards.

The net result of this is that when Paul talks about the Law being
superceded, and Jesus talks about the Law being maintained, I believe
they are talking about different aspects of the Law.  Paul is
embroiled in arguments about circumcision.  As is natural in letters
responding to specific situations, he's looking at the aspect of the
Law that is currently causing trouble: the Law as specifically Jewish
ceremonies.  He certainly does not intend to abolish divine standards
of conduct.  On the other hand, when Jesus commends the Law, he seems
to be talking the Law in its broadest implications for morals and
human relationships, and deemphasizing those aspects that were later
to give Paul so much trouble.

It's unfortunate that people use the same terms in different ways, but
we should be familiar with that from current conflicts.  Look at the
way terms like "family values" take on special meaning from the
current context.  Imagine some poor historian of the future trying to
figure out why "family values" should be used as a code word for
opposition to homosexuality in one specific period in the U.S.  I
think Law had taken on a similar role in the arguments Paul was
involved in.  Paul was clearly not rejecting all of the Jewish values
that go along with the term "Law", any more than people who concerned
about the "family values" movement are really opposed to family
values.


Could you use some sort of mechanical chest compression as an aid.
Sorta like the portable Iron Lung?   Put some sort of flex tubing
around the 'aquanauts' chest.  Cyclically compress it  and it will
push enough on the chest wall to support breathing?????

You'd have to trust your breather,  but in space, you have to trust
your suit anyway.

Where were you brought up?  In the former USSR?  Is Innocent until proven  
guilty by a jury of your peers, NOT Dan Rather, dead in this country?  Seems  
so.  Is tax evasion, the only charge brought against the BDs, punishable by  
death in this country, now?


Not really.  You are a blind idiot.


"Not sure", yet you condem them to death for it?  If the BATF had stayed home,  
all would be alive, now.  So who murdered who?
You have a short memory.

next.

Sleep well, tonite, heartless idiot.  Sleep the sleep of the simple-minded.

I shall weep for my country, myself.


I'm short of patience tonite, but rabid dogs deserve and get better treatment  
than the BDs got.

Jim
--
jmd@handheld.com

I've asked your god several times with all my heart to come to me.  I
really wish I could believe in him, 'cos no matter how much confidence
I build up on my own, the universe *is* a big place, and it would be
so nice to know I have someone watching over me in it...

I've gone into this with an open mind.  I've layed my beliefs aside
from time to time when I've had doubt, and I've prayed to see what
good that would do.  I don't see what more I can do to open myself to
your god, short of just deciding to believe for no good reason.  And
if I decide to believe for no good reason, why not believe in some
other god?  Zeus seems like a pretty cool candidate...

All I know is that in all my searching, even though I've set aside my
pride and decided that I want to know the truth no matter how
difficult it may be to accept, I have never had any encounter with any
deity, Christian or otherwise.

Please tell me what more I can do while still remaining true to myself.


If one does not follow the teachings of Christ, he is NOT Christian.  
Too easy?  


Would you say all Muslims are like Saddam Hussein?  I wouldn't make
such a blanket judgement, why do you?


[...stiff deleted...]


[...stiff deleted...]

Speed is a quantifiable measure resulting from a set of methods that
will result in the same value measured no matter the reference.  A 
bullet with zero velocity sitting on a table on a train moving 60mph
will be moving at a speed of

        (a) 0mph to someone on the train.
        (b) 60mph to someone stationary next to the train.

The reference frame makes the speed relative.  But what's interesting
here is that every person on the train will see a stationary bullet.
Every person off, a bullet moving 60mph.  

I know of no train where all the people on it, every time it is
filled, will see a moral problem in exactly the same way.


are you sure 45g is the right number? as far as i know, pilots are
blackout in dives that exceed 8g - 9g. 45g seems to be out of human
tolerance. would anybody clarify this please.

lan


Peanut butter was definitely my favorite. I don't think I ever took a second bite
of the strawberry.

I recently joined Nutri-System and their "Chewy Fudge Bar" is very reminicent of
the chocolate Space Food. This is the only thing I can find that even comes close
the taste. It takes you back... your taste-buds are happy and your
intestines are in knots... joy!

-- 

mark ----------------------------
(adam@paix.sw.stratus.com)	|	My opinions are not those of Stratus.
				|	Hell! I don`t even agree with myself!

	Kudos to Mark for his generous offer, but there already exists a
large (email-based) forwarding system for sci.space posts:  Space Digest.
It mirrors sci.space exactly, and provides simple two-way communication.

	TO SUBSCRIBE:
	   Send the following message in the *body* (not subject) of an
	   email message:

		subscribe space John Q Public

	   to one of these addresses:

		listserv@uga
		listserv@uga.cc.uga.edu
		listserv@finhutc
		listserv@finhuc.hut.fi
		space-request@isu.isunet.edu

	   You'll receive all the posts in "digest" form once a day.  Please
	   use a listserv if you can, the "space-request" address is handled
	   manually.

	TO POST MESSAGES:
	   Send your message (with a reasonable Subject line) to:

		space@isu.isunet.edu

Questions, comments to space-request@isu.isunet.edu

	Hmm...makes you wonder whether prayer "in Jesus' name" means
"saying Jesus' name" or whether we're simply to do all things with the
attitude that we belong to Jesus.
					Frank D.


/>
/>I always thought GD's  Fighter plants were in Long Island.  
/>
/No, Northrup has a plant on Long Island.

I don't think Northrup ever had a plant on Long Island.  The two main airframe
manufacturers there were (Fairchild)/Republic which closed its doors after the
T-46 cancellation, and Grumman (which is still hanging on last I time I called).
I think Sperry also started there.  If you're ever in the area check out the
Cradle of Aviation Museum at Mitchell field (now mostly parking lots behind the
Nassau Coliseum and the community college).  Good display of vehicles from Long
Island, including a LEM flight article.

Excuse the sheer newbieness of this post, but I am looking for a decent
PaintProgram which will save to various file formats (.BMP  .PCX  etc etc)
via ftp, freeware, or shareware.  I would like to check out the available
programs for little $$ before I check out the commercial market.

Thanks in advance for any help or direction you can give me.
Is there an ftp site for maps of the US.  Preferably aerial
photographs?
Hi,

Can anybody suggest robust algorithms/code for computing the point of intersection
on n, 2-d lines in a plane. The data has outliers and hence a simple least squares
technique does not seem to provide satifactory results.

Please respond by e-mail and I will post the summary to the newsgroups
if there is sufficient interest.

Thanks,

Raj Talluri
Member Technical Staff
Image Understanding Branch
Texas Instruments
Central Research Labs
Dallas, Texas 75248
: [I have some qualms about postings like this.  You might want to
: engage in a bit more conversation with Joel before deluging 
: someone who doesn't expect it with cards.  --clh]

I'd suggest that more than _some_ qualms are in order.  Without knowing
anything about the situation, it is impossible to evaluate the
appropriateness of writing.  Some folks will check, others with more
zeal than time may not.

IMHO, requests of this nature should be made only for oneself or for someone
who knows and approves of the idea.  Otherwise, it is intrusive and
disrespectful of the individual.

I no longer have the textbook, but abstinence was defined as something
like "no contact between the penis and the vagina, vulva, or area 
immediately surrounding the vulva, and no transfer of semen to the
vagina, vulva, or area surrounding the vulva".  

That is, abstinence wasn't discussed as "sex outside of marriage is
morally wrong" but as keep  the sperm away from the ovum and conception 
is impossible. The moral question I recall the teacher asking was,
"is it okay to create a child if you aren't able to be a good parent
yet?"

-jen

-- 
  Does anyone know how to convert a targa or similar 24 bit picture into a list
 of R G B values and then convert back to targa after doing operations on the p
ixels R G B codes.
ex.  Targa ---->000100255pixel 1
001200201pixel 2etc....
If no one can help me with this could someone explain how the 24 bit data is st
ored in the targa file and also how its stored in the 8 bit targas.   Thanks

/(emery)
/The one single historic event that has had the biggest impact on the
/world over the centuries is the resurrection of Jesus.  

This is hardly possible, as the majority of people in the world were
born, lived their life, and died, without ever knowing anything about
Christ.  The majority of the rest of the world have decided that he 
is not who Emery thinks he is.



/(emery)
/Why were the writers of the New Testament documents so convinced that
/Jesus really did rise from the dead?
/We have four gospel accounts.  

I am leaving out all "proofs" of Emery's which rely on quoting the
bible as proof.  Circular reasoning, etc.  There have been occasions
already stated many times for later generations of Xtians to change,
edit, or otherwise alter the bible to fit their political gospel.
And if we accept the bible as true just because the bible says it
is true, then (to be fair) we have to do the same to the Bhagavad-Gita
and the Koran, both of which contradict the bible.

Enough said.



/(emery)
/Yet we have no reason to believe these disciples to be immoral and dishonest.
/We have no historic information that would lead us to the conclusion that
/these people were not God-fearing people who sincerely and whole-heartedly
/believed that the resurrection of their Lord Jesus was a real event.
/And for what gain would they lie?  To make a stand at that time meant 
/persecution, imprisonment, and perhaps even death.

Again, this is only the biblical account and there is no independent proof
of any of this happening.  It just isn't there.

Besides, simply being sincere or willing to die for your faith does not
make your faith correct.  There are Muslims dying in Bosnia right now;
does the fact that they are willing to die for Islam mean that Islam is
the correct religion?




(emery)
/History bears out the persecution of Christians.  Roman historian, Cornelius 
/Tacitus, Govenor of Asia, in A.D. 112, writing of Nero's reign, alluded to 
/the torture of Christians in Rome:


All you have proven is that these people were tortured for their faith.  That
does not prove that their faith is true or correct; it just means that they
were sincere in their beliefs. 

Being willing to die for what you believe doesn't make your belief the truth.
It's not that easy.  And minority religions have always suffered torture;
Muslims suffer torture and harassment in India and Bosnia today.  All religions
are harassed in China today.  You haven't proven anything so far.



/(emery)
/With all the suffering and persecution that it meant to be a believer, it
/would be quite probable that at least one of those in the supposed conspiracy
/would come forward and confess that the whole thing was a big hoax.  

Not if they didn't believe that it was a hoax.  


/(emery)
/Yet not one did.  It seems rather reasonable that the disciples did not make
/up the resurrection but sincerely believed that Jesus had actually risen
/from the dead; especially in light of the sufferings that came upon those
/who believed.

The followers of Muhammad firmly believed in the miracles that the Koran
says Muhammad performed.  They were attacked and slaughtered for their
beliefs.  They didn't denounce Muhammad or Islam.  If you are correct,
then that means Islam is the true faith.

And does it not say in scripture that no man knows the hour of His coming, not
even the angels in Heaven but only the Father Himself?  DK was trying to play
God by breaking the seals himself.  DK killed himself and as many of his
followers as he could.  BTW, God did save the children.  They are in Heaven,
a far better place.  How do I know?  By faith.

God be with you,
There is another useful method based on Least Sqyares Estimation of the sphere equation parameters.

The points (x,y,z) on a spherical surface with radius R and center (a,b,c) can be written as 

   (x-a)^2 + (y-b)^2 + (z-c)^2 = R^2

This equation can be rewritten into the following form:  

   2ax + 2by + 2cz + R^2 - a^2 - b^2 -c^2 = x^2 + y^2 + z^2

Approximate the left hand part by   F(x,y,z) = p1.x + p2.x + p3.z + p4.1

For all datapoints, i.c. 4, determine the 4 parameters p1..p4 which minimise the average error |F(x,y,z) - x^2 - y^2 - z^2|^2.

In 'Numerical Recipes in C' can be found algorithms to solve these parameters.

The best fitting sphere will have 
- center (a,b,c) = (p1/2, p2/2, p3/2)
- radius R = sqrt(p4 + a.a + b.b + c.c).

So, at last, will this solve you sphere estination problem, at least for the most situations I think ?.

John 1:1 says (NKJV - the little green gideon someone forced on me one day)
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was 
God."  The Word refers to Jesus Christ so from this John declares that God
and Jesus are one.  Therefore, "The Lord" refers to both.  Also, David in the
Psalms refers to both God in heaven and the coming messiah as his Lord.  Once
again this refers to God and Jesus.

   swear/curse?  Does it say anything about this in the bible?

Some of the most "truly religious" people I've known have not been Christians
and some of the greatest Christians I've known have been truly irreligious.
However, to answer your question:
The bible speaks of this in many places, A previous post to James is a good
one.  Another is Psalm 15:
"Lord, who may abide in your tabernacle?  Who may dwell in your holy hill?  He
who walks uprightly, and works righteousness, and speaks the truth in his heart
He who does not backbite with his tongue, nor does evil to his neighbor, nor
does he take up a reproach against his friend; I whose eyes a vile person is
despised, but he honors those who fear the Lord; he who swears to his own hurt
and does not change; He who does not put out money at usury, nor does he take
a bribe aginst the innocent.  He who does these things shall never be moved."

------------------------------------------------------------
Rob Coffey                    "Indeed the safest road to 
coffey@cptc1.neep.wisc.edu     Hell is the gradual one- the
(if you send mail to cptc2     gentle slope, soft underfoot,
 I'll never read it)           without sudden turnings, 
                               without milestones, without
                               signposts."  -- Screwtape
I would like to find out about space engineering employment and educational
opportunities in the Tucson, Arizona area.  E-mail responses appreciated.
My mail feed is intermittent, so please try one or all of these addresses.

  Bill, I find it rather remarkable that you managed to zero in on what is
probably the weakest evidence.

  What is probably the most convincing is the anti-Christian literature put out
by the Jewish councils in the second century.  There are enormous quantities of
detailed arguments against Christianity, many of the arguments still being used
today.  Despite volumes of tracts attacking Christianity, not one denies the
existance of Jesus, only of his activities.

  I find this considerably more compelling than Josephus or the harmony of the
gospels (especially considering that Matthew and Luke probably used Mark as a
source).

"I hold that space cannot be curved, for the simple reason that it can have
no properties."
"Of properties we can only speak when dealing with matter filling the
space. To say that in the presence of large bodies space becomes curved,
is equivalent to stating that something can act upon nothing. I,
for one, refuse to subscribe to such a view." - Nikola Tesla

----
 ET  "Tesla was 100 years ahead of his time. Perhaps now his time comes."
I am working on a program to display 3d wireframe models with the user
being able to arbitrarily change any of the viewing parameters.  Also,
the wireframe objects are also going to have dynamic attributes so
that they can move around while the user is "exploring" the wireframe
world.

To do this, I am thinking of using the SRGP package described in the
Van Dam, Foley and Feiner book, but I was wondering if there was
another PD graphics package out there which was faster.  I would like
to make the program as fast as possible so that it provides
satisfactory real time performance on a Sun IPX.

Ideally, I'm looking for a PD graphics package which will allow me to
open a new window under X, and allow me to draw lines within the
window.  Also, it would also need to have some sort of event driven
interaction handling since the user is going to move around the
wireframe models using the keyboard.

If you know or wrote such a package, I would be grateful if you could
direct me to a ftp site which contains the package.

Thank you.

I would like to know if anyone has had any luck using the upper 128 ASCII
characters on a Sun station.  I am trying to convert a fortran program to run
on a Sun.  When we write character buffers to the Sun which contain char(218)
or char(196) or char(197) etc.  We get characters on the screen but they are
not the characters in the standard ASCII tables.

I've seen a film of it, my memory may be faulty, but as I
remember it the vehicle was slightly over a meter long, with a
thick baseplate 30-40 cm in diameter. I think the narrative said
it was propelled by dynamite sticks. There were four detonations
within about 2 s, the second coming after about 2 m of flight in.
Max altitude seemed to be on the order of 50 m, but that is hard 
to judge.






How about Cockroaches?
	[...deleted...]

Unfortunately, I think you've got it figured pretty well.  I also ask
myself the question "Why did they plan for so many months.  Why was
this so important to them?  What was the government really up to?
Why did they seal the warrant?  Were they after Koresh or were they after      
the first and second amendments, among others?

I am a good Catholic boy. A convert no less, attracted by the
rational tradition [Aquinas et al] and the emotional authenticity
[in comp. with the faddishness of Anglicanism] to Roman Catholicism. I
never had much time for the pope - or any other heirarchs - but I did, and
do, believe in the sacremental system. I always felt quite happy to
look down my nose at those such as John Emery [a few posts back] who
had to engage in circuitous textual arguments to prove their faith, entirely
oblivious to the fact that a dozen other faiths can do the same [with
miracles too], and that since their arguments depend on the belief in the
Bible as God's sole revelation, it was not very good logic to argue
that the Bible proved God. No, I was happy to accept the CHURCH as God's
revelation. It was the Church after all that existed before the Bible, the
Church that choose [under grace of course] the canon of scripture. Protestant
ludicrosity, I thought, was shown by Protestants breathtaking acceptance
of Luther's right to reject a dozen or so books he disliked.
	But recently I read Peter Brown's _Body and Society_. It is very
well researched, and well written. But is raises some very upsetting
questions. The early Christians were weird - even more so than today's
carzy fundies. They had odd views on sex, odder views on the body, 
totally ludicrous views about demons, and distinctly uncharitable
views about other human beings. 
	now the question is this: were the first Christians just as
weird, but we've got used to them, or did the pristine "Fall of the
Church" happen within one generation. It certainly did'nt have to
wait until the Triumph of the Church under Constantine. If so,
wha does  this say about God's promise to always support the Church.
It's no use throwing the usual Protestant pieties about the Church
not being an organization at me. It's a community or it is nothing,
and it was the early communities that were weird. The institional
church was a model of sanity by comparison.
	I would be interested in serious Catholic and Orthodox responses to
this entirely serious issue. I'm not sure it is an issue for Protestants
with their "soul alone with Jesus" approach, but for we who see the
"ecclesia" as a "koinoia" over time and space, the weird early
Christians are a problem.

[This is an exaggeration of the Protestant view.  Many Protestants
have a strong appreciation for the role of the Church.  "The soul
alone with God" is certainly important for Protestants, but it's by no
means the whole story.

I have read the sort of history you talk about.  As you point out,
Protestants don't have quite the same problem you do, because we
believe that the church had a Fall at some point.  However Protestant
mythology typically places the Fall around the time of Constantine (or
more likely, regard it as happening in a sort of cumulative fashion,
starting from Constantine but getting worse as the Pope accumulated
power during the medieval period.)  The consequences of having it
earlier are somewhat worrisome even to us.  Most Protestants accept
the theological results of the early ecumenical councils, including
such items as the Trinity and Incarnation.  Indeed in the works of
Reformers such as Luther and Calvin, you'll find Church Fathers such
as Augustine quoted all the time.  I think you'll find many
Protestants resistant to the idea that the Early Church as a whole was
"wierd".  (There is an additional problem for Protestants that I don't
much want to talk about in this context, since it's been looked at
recently -- that's the question of whether one can really think of
Augustine and other Fathers as being proto-Protestants.  Their views
on Mary, the authority of the Pope, etc, are not entirely congenial to
Protestant thought.)

One thing that somewhat worries me is a question of methodology.
There are certainly plenty of wierd people in the early church.  What
concerns me is that they may be overrepresented in what we see.  We
see every Christian who courted martyrdom.  But I think there's good
reason to believe that most ordinary Christians were more prudent than
that.  We see the heroic virgins.  But I think there's good reason to
think that many Christians were happily married.  I can't help
suspecting that the early church had the same range of wierdos and
sane people that we do now.  I think there's also a certain level of
"revisionism" active in history at the moment.  I don't mean that
they're manufacturing things out of whole cloth.  But don't you think
there might be a tendency to emphasize the novel?
I'm making a customized paint program in DOS and need an algorithm
for reading bitmap files like GIF, PCX, or BMP.  Does anyone have
such an algorithm?  I've tried copying one out of a book for reading
.PCX format but it doesn't work.  I will take an algorithm for any
format that can be created from Windows Paint.  
Thanks!
Toni


Not quite true.  One of the instruments on Mars Observer will be searching
for potential fossil sites.   

I am interested in any information on stereoscopic imaging on a sun
workstation.  For the most part, I need to know if there is any hardware
available to interface the system and whether the refresh rates are
sufficient to produce quality image representations.  Any information
about the subject would be greatly appreciated.



Doug-- Actually, if memory serves, the Atlas is an outgrowth of the old 
Titan ICBM.  If so, there's probably quite a few old pads, albeit in need 
of some serious reconditioning.  Still, Being able to buy the turf and 
pad (and bunkers, including prep facility) at Midwest farmland prices 
strikes me as pretty damned cheap.





He also ignores a few other things.  While organics would become
significantly more expensive were all the oil to disappear (and thus
some things would no longer be economically feasible), oil is hardly
an irreplaceable resource any more than most other consumables.  As
supply decreases, prices rise and alternatives become more
competetive.  He also needs to consider that there has been an
estimated 30 years of reserves pretty much as long as anyone has cared
about petroleum; whatever the current usage rate is, we always seem to
have about a 30 year reserve that we know about.

[I'm not sure that last figure is still true -- we tend not to look as
hard when prices are comparatively cheap -- but it was certainly true
during hte 'oil crisis' days of the 70's.]

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
[Also posted in misc.forsale.wanted,misc.wanted,ne.wanted,ny.wanted,nj.wanted]

WANTED:  Optical Shaft Encoders

Quantity 2
Single-ended
Incremental

Needed to encode the movements of a 16" Cassegrain telescope.  The telescope
is in the observatory of the Univ. of Mass. at Boston.  The project is being
managed by Mr. George Tucker, a graduate student at UMB.  Please call him, or
email/call me, if you have one or two of the specified type of encoder.  Of
course, due to our low funding level we are looking for a price that is
sufficiently lower than that given for new encoders.  :)

George Tucker
617-965-3408

ME:
NASA Headquarters distributed the following press
release today (4/6). I've typed it in verbatim, for you
folks to chew over. Many of the topics recently
discussed on sci.space are covered in this.

Gibbons Outlines Space Station Redesign Guidance

Dr. John H. Gibbons, Director, Office of Science and
Technology Policy, outlined to the members-designate of
the Advisory Committee on the Redesign of the Space
Station on April 3, three budget options as guidance to
the committee in their deliberations on the redesign of
the space station.

A low option of $5 billion, a mid-range option of $7
billion and a high option of $9 billion will be
considered by the committee. Each option would cover
the total expenditures for space station from fiscal
year 1994 through 1998 and would include funds for
development, operations, utilization, Shuttle
integration, facilities, research operations support,
transition cost and also must include adequate program
reserves to insure program implementation within the
available funds.

Over the next 5 years, $4 billion is reserved within
the NASA budget for the President's new technology
investment. As a result, station options above $7
billion must be accompanied by offsetting reductions in
the rest of the NASA budget.  For example, a space
station option of $9 billion would require $2 billion
in offsets from the NASA budget over the next 5 years.

Gibbons presented the information at an organizational
session of the advisory committee. Generally, the
members-designate focused upon administrative topics
and used the session to get acquainted. They also
received a legal and ethics briefing and an orientation
on the process the Station Redesign Team is following
to develop options for the advisory committee to
consider.

Gibbons also announced that the United States and its
international partners -- the Europeans, Japanese, and
Canadians -- have decided, after consultation, to give
"full consideration" to use of Russian assets in the
course of the space station redesign process.

To that end, the Russians will be asked to participate
in the redesign effort on an as-needed consulting
basis, so that the redesign team can make use of their
expertise in assessing the capabilities of MIR and the
possible use of MIR and other Russian capabilities and
systems. The U.S. and international partners hope to
benefit from the expertise of the Russian participants
in assessing Russian systems and technology. The
overall goal of the redesign effort is to develop
options for reducing station costs while preserving key
research and exploration capabilities. Careful
integration of Russian assets could be a key factor in
achieving that goal.

Gibbons reiterated that, "President Clinton is
committed to the redesigned space station and to making
every effort to preserve the science, the technology
and the jobs that the space station program represents.
However, he also is committed to a space station that
is well managed and one that does not consume the
national resources which should be used to invest in
the future of this industry and this nation."

	Sigh.
	I try to make a little joke, I try to inject some humour here
and what happens?  In the immortal words of Foghorn Leghorn:

	"I say, that was a _joke_, son."

	I thought that the bit about McElwaine, not to mention the two
smileys, would indicate to even the most humour impaired that I was
JOKING.
	Sigh.
	(And will everyone who pat's suggestion (thanks bunches, pat)
*please* stop sending me email.)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pat> In article <SHAFER.93Apr6094402@rigel.dfrf.nasa.gov>


Pat> Gee, I thought the X-15 was Cable controlled.  Didn't one of them
Pat> have a total electrical failure in flight?  Was there machanical
Pat> backup systems?

All reaction-controlled aircraft are fly-by-wire, at least the RCS part
is.  On the X-15 the aerodynamic control surfaces (elevator, rudder, etc)
were conventionally controlled (pushrods and cables) but the RCS jets
were fly-by-wire.


Pat> What do you mean?  Overstress the wings, and they fail at teh
Pat> joints?

Navy aircraft have folding or sweeping wings, in order to save space
on the hangar deck.  The F-14 wings sweep, all the rest fold the
wingtips up at a joint.

Air Force planes don't have folding wings, since the Air Force has
lots of room.


So what's your point?  Mark's comment still is valid.  To suggest that
AIDS is "deserved" IS ludicrous.  I sin.  I can resolve to abstain from 
sin, and do weekly (more often, actually).  Yet I routinely fail.
I surely do deserve what I get, yet God compassionately provided 
the Incarnate Logos, Jesus, as a rememdy and a way out of our situation.
If AIDS is deserved, I surely deserve instant death just as much, as do
we all, as St. Paul so cogently remids us.

To willingly judge "others" as deserving punishment seems to me
to be the height of arrogance and lack of humility.  
 

So what's the point here?  I can get AIDS and NEVER engage in
"deviant" sexual behavior.  In fact, I could engage in LOTS
of deviant sexual behavior with HIV+ people and never be
infected.  AIDS is a consequence of particular behaviors,
many of which are not sexual.  And not all sexual behaviors
carry the risk of transmission.  
 

The end of all things is to know, love and serve God, growing
daily closer through prayer, meditation and discipline.  Even so
I could get AIDS.  Anyone could, unless they remain forever celibate,
IV-drug-free, and transfusion free.

Larry Overacker (llo@shell.com)
-- 
According to mdbs@ms.uky.edu, muslims tithe 1/6 of their income.

Perhaps there are some offshoots of Islam that impose this on their
followers.  But the standard tithe is 1/40 of one's net worth, once
a year.

The same writer also objects to the Bible for teaching that

 > "woman was created after man, to be his helper" etc.

This is presumably a reference to Genesis 2. Suppose that that
chapter had been written with the sexes reversed. We have God
creating woman, and then saying, "It is not good that woman should
be alone. I will make a help meet for her." Feminists would be
outraged. The clear implication would be that God had started at the
bottom and worked up, making first the plants, then the fish and
birds, then the beasts, then woman, and finally His masterpiece, the
Male Chauvinist Pig. The statement that woman is not capable of
functioning by herself, that she needs a man to open doors for her,
would have been seen as a particularly gratuitous insult. The fact
that the creation of woman from the dust of the ground was given
only briefly and in general, while the creation of the Man was given
in six times the number of words, would have been cited as evidence
of the author's estimate of the relative importance of the sexes.
The verdict would have been unequivocal. "No self-respecting woman
can accept this book as a moral guide, or as anything but sexist
trash!" I suggest that Moses, fearing this reaction, altered his
original draft and described the creation with Adam first and then
Eve, so as to appease Miriam and other radical feminists of the day.
For some reason, however, it did not work.
The following is a survey we are conducting for a term project in a philosophy
class. It is not meant to give us anything interesting statistically; we want
to hear what kind of voices there are out there. We are not asking for full-
blown essays, but please give us what you can.

As I do not read these groups often, please email all responses to me at
shimpei@leland.stanford.edu. As my mail account is not infinite, if you can
delete the questions and just have numbered answers when you write back
I would really appreciate it.

Since we would like to start analyzing the result as soon as possible, we
would like to have the answers by April 30. If you absolutely cannot make
it by then, though, we would still liken to hear your answer.

If anyone is interested in our final project please send a note to that effect
would like to have the answers by April 30. If you absolutely cannot make
it by then, though, we would still like to hear your answer.

If anyone is interested in our final project please send a note to that effect
(or better yet, include a note along with your survey response) and I'll try
to email it to you, probably in late May.

SURVEY:

Question 1)
Have you ever had trouble reconciling faith and reason? If so, what was the
trouble?
(For example: -Have you ever been unsure whether Creationism or Evolutionism
               holds more truth?
              -Do you practice tarot cards, palm readings, or divination that
               conflicts with your scientific knowledge of the world?
              -Does your religion require you to ignore physical realities that
               you have seen for yourself or makes logical sense to you?)
Basically, we would like to know if you ever _BELIEVED_ in something that your
_REASON_tells you is wrong.

Question 2)
If you have had conflict, how did/do you resolve the conflict?

Question 3)
If you haven't had trouble, why do you think you haven't? Is there a set of
guidelines you use for solving these problems?

Thank you very much for your time.




-- 
Shimpei Yamashita, Stanford University       email:shimpei@leland.stanford.edu
             "There are three kinds of mathematicians: 
              those who can count and those who can't."
I have posted a DOS MPEG decoder/player to alt.binaries.pictures.utilities.

Here is a short description and some technical information, taken from the
accompanying documentation:


                              DMPEG V1.0

                       Public Domain MPEG decoder

                           by Stefan Eckart


0. Features
===========

DMPEG/DMPLAY is another MPEG decoder/player for the PC:


 - decodes (nearly) the full MPEG video standard
   (I,P,B frames, frame size up to at least 352x240 supported)

 - saves decoded sequence in 8 or 24bit raw file for later display

 - optional on-screen display during decoding (requires VGA)

 - several dithering options: ordered dither, Floyd-Steinberg, grayscale

 - color-space selection

 - runs under DOS, 640KB RAM, no MS-Windows required

 - very compact (small code / small data models, 16 bit arithmetic)

 - real time display of the raw file by a separate player for
   VGA and many Super-VGAs

...

4. Technical information
========================

The player is a rather straightforward implementation of the MPEG spec [1].
The IDCT is based on the Chen-Wang 13 multiplication algorithm [2]
(not quite the optimum, I know). Blocks with not more than eight non-zero
coefficients use a non-separated direct multiply-accumulate 2D-IDCT
(sounds great, doesn't it?), which turned out to be faster than a 'fast'
algorithm in this (quite common) case. Dithering is pretty standard. Main
difference to the Berkeley decoder (except for the fewer number of supported
algorithms) is the use of 256 instead of 128 colors, the (default) option to
use a restricted color-space and the implementation of a color saturation
dominant ordered dither. This leads to a significantly superior quality of
the dithered image (I claim, judge yourself).

Restricted color-space means that the U and V components are clipped to
+/-0.25 (instead of +/-0.5) and the display color-space points are distributed
over this restricted space. Since the distance between color-space points
is thus reduced by a factor of two, the color resolution is doubled at the
expense of not being able to represent fully saturated colors.

Saturation dominant ordered dither is a method by which a color, lying
somewhere between the points of the display color space, is approximated
by primarily alternating between two points of constant hue instead of
constant saturation. This yields subjectivly better quality due to the
lower sensitivity of the human viewing system to saturation changes than
to hue changes (the same reasoning as used by the PAL TV standard to improve
on NTSC). The improvement is particularly visible in dark brown or redish
areas.

...

I have posted disp135.zip to alt.binaries.pictures.utilities


******   You may distribute this program freely for non-commercial use
         if no fee is gained.
******   There is no warranty. The author is not responsible for any
         damage caused by this program.


Important changes since version 1.30:
    Fix bugs in file management system (file displaying).
    Improve file management system (more user-friendly).
    Fix bug in XPM version 3 reading.
    Fix bugs in TARGA reading/writng.
    Fix bug in GEM/IMG reading.
    Add support for PCX and GEM/IMG writing.
    Auto-skip macbinary header.


(1) Introduction:
  This program can let you READ, WRITE and DISPLAY images with different
  formats. It also let you do some special effects(ROTATION, DITHERING ....)
  on image. Its main purpose is to let you convert image among different
  formts.
  Include simple file management system.
  Support 'slide show'.
  There is NO LIMIT on image size.
  Currently this program supports 8, 15, 16, 24 bits display.
  If you want to use HiColor or TrueColor, you must have VESA driver.
  If you want to modify video driver, please read section (8).


(2) Hardware Requirement:
  PC 386 or better. MSDOS 3.3 or higher.
  min amount of ram is 4M bytes(Maybe less memory will also work).
  (I recommend min 8M bytes for better performance).
  Hard disk for swapping(virtual memory).

  The following description is borrowed from DJGPP.

  Supported Wares:

  * Up to 128M of extended memory (expanded under VCPI)
  * Up to 128M of disk space used for swapping
  * SuperVGA 256-color mode up to 1024x768
  * 80387
  * XMS & VDISK memory allocation strategies
  * VCPI programs, such as QEMM, DESQview, and 386MAX

  Unsupported:

  * DPMI
  * Microsoft Windows

  Features: 80387 emulator, 32-bit unix-ish environment, flat memory
  model, SVGA graphics.


(3) Installation:
  Video drivers, emu387 and go32.exe are borrowed from DJGPP.
  (If you use Western Digital VGA chips, read readme.wd)
  (This GO32.EXE is a modified version for vesa and is COMPLETELY compatible
   with original version)
+  *** But some people report that this go32.exe is not compatible with
+      other DJGPP programs in their system. If you encounter this problem,
+      DON'T put go32.exe within search path.

  *** Please read runme.bat for how to run this program.

  If you choose xxxxx.grn as video driver, add 'nc 256' to environment
    GO32.

  For example, go32=driver x:/xxxxx/xxxxx.grn nc 256

  If you don't have 80x87, add 'emu x:/xxxxx/emu387' to environment GO32.

  For example, go32=driver x:/xxxxx/xxxxx.grd emu x:/xxxxx/emu387

  **** Notes: 1. I only test tr8900.grn, et4000.grn and vesa.grn.
                 Other drivers are not tested.
              2. I have modified et4000.grn to support 8, 15, 16, 24 bits
                 display. You don't need to use vesa driver.
                 If et4000.grn doesn't work, please try vesa.grn.
              3. For those who want to use HiColor or TrueColor display,
                 please use vesa.grn(except et4000 users).
                 You can find vesa BIOS driver from :
                   wuarchive.wustl.edu: /mirrors/msdos/graphics
                   godzilla.cgl.rmit.oz.au: /kjb/MGL


(4) Command Line Switch:

+   Usage : display [-d|--display initial_display_type]
+                   [-s|--sort sort_method]
+                   [-h|-?]

    Display type: 8(SVGA,default), 15, 16(HiColor), 24(TrueColor)
+   Sort method: 'name', 'ext'


(5) Function Key:

    F2 : Change disk drive

+   CTRL-A -- CTRL-Z : change disk drive.

    F3 : Change filename mask (See match.doc)

    F4 : Change parameters

    F5 : Some effects on picture, eg. flip, rotate ....

    F7 : Make Directory

    t : Tag file

    + : Tag group files (See match.doc)

    T : Tag all files

    u : Untag file

    - : Untag group files (See match.doc)

    U : Untag all files

    Ins : Change display type (8,15,16,24) in 'read' & 'screen' menu.

    F6,m,M : Move file(s)

    F8,d,D : Delete file(s)

    r,R : Rename file

    c,C : Copy File(s)

    z,Z : Display first 10 bytes in Ascii, Hex and Dec modes.

+   f,F : Display disk free space.

    Page Up/Down : Move one page

    TAB : Change processing target.

    Arrow keys, Home, End, Page Up, Page Down: Scroll image.
      Home: Left Most.
      End: Right Most.
      Page Up: Top Most.
      Page Down: Bottom Most.
      in 'screen' & 'effect' menu :
        Left,Right arrow: Change display type(8, 15, 16, 24 bits)

    s,S : Slide Show. ESCAPE to terminate.

    ALT-X : Quit program without prompting.

+   ALT-A : Reread directory.

    Escape : Abort function and return.


(6) Support Format:

  Read: GIF(.gif), Japan MAG(.mag), Japan PIC(.pic), Sun Raster(.ras),
        Jpeg(.jpg), XBM(.xbm), Utah RLE(.rle), PBM(.pbm), PGM(.pgm),
        PPM(.ppm), PM(.pm), PCX(.pcx), Japan MKI(.mki), Tiff(.tif),
        Targa(.tga), XPM(.xpm), Mac Paint(.mac), GEM/IMG(.img),
        IFF/ILBM(.lbm), Window BMP(.bmp), QRT ray tracing(.qrt),
        Mac PICT(.pct), VIS(.vis), PDS(.pds), VIKING(.vik), VICAR(.vic),
        FITS(.fit), Usenix FACE(.fac).

        the extensions in () are standard extensions.

  Write: GIF, Sun Raster, Jpeg, XBM, PBM, PGM, PPM, PM, Tiff, Targa,
         XPM, Mac Paint, Ascii, Laser Jet, IFF/ILBM, Window BMP,
+        Mac PICT, VIS, FITS, FACE, PCX, GEM/IMG.

  All Read/Write support full color(8 bits), grey scale, b/w dither,
      and 24 bits image, if allowed for that format.


(7) Detail:

   Initialization:
      Set default display type to highest display type.
      Find allowable screen resolution(for .grn video driver only).

   1. When you run this program, you will enter 'read' menu. Whthin this
      menu you can press any function key except F5. If you move or copy
      files, you will enter 'write' menu. the 'write' menu is much like
      'read' menu, but only allow you to change directory.
+       The header line in 'read' menu includes "(d:xx,f:xx,t:xx)".
+         d : display type. f: number of files. t: number of tagged files.
      pressing SPACE in 'read' menu will let you select which format to use
        for reading current file.
      pressing RETURN in 'read' menu will let you reading current file. This
        program will automatically determine which format this file is.
        The procedure is: First, check magic number. If fail, check
        standard extension. Still fail, report error.
      pressing s or S in 'read' menu will do 'Slide Show'.
        If delay time is 0, program will wait until you hit a key
          (except ESCAPE).
        If any error occurs, program will make a beep.
        ESCAPE to terminate.
      pressing Ins in 'read' menu will change display type.
      pressing ALT-X in 'read' menu will quit program without prompting.

   2. Once image file is successfully read, you will enter 'screen' menu.
      Within this menu F5 is turn on. You can do special effect on image.
      pressing RETURN: show image.
        in graphic mode, press RETURN, SPACE or ESCAPE to return to text
        mode.
      pressing TAB: change processing target. This program allows you to do
        special effects on 8-bit or 24-bit image.
      pressing Left,Right arrow: change display type. 8, 15, 16, 24 bits.
      pressing SPACE: save current image to file.
        B/W Dither: save as black/white image(1 bit).
        Grey Scale: save as grey image(8 bits).
        Full Color: save as color image(8 bits).
        True Color: save as 24-bit image.

        This program will ask you some questions if you want to write image
        to file. Some questions are format-dependent. Finally This program
        will prompt you a filename. If you want to save file under another
        directory other than current directory, please press SPACE. after
        pressing SPACE, you will enter 'write2' menu. You can change
        directory to what you want. Then,

        pressing SPACE: this program will prompt you 'original' filename.
        pressing RETURN: this program will prompt you 'selected' filename
                      (filename under bar).


  3. This program supports 8, 15, 16, 24 bits display.

  4. This Program is MEMORY GREEDY. If you don't have enough memory,
     the performance is poor.

  5. If you want to save 8 bits image :
       try GIF then TIFF(LZW) then TARGA then Sun Raster then BMP then ...

     If you want to save 24 bits image (lossless):
       try TIFF(LZW) or TARGA or ILBM or Sun Raster
       (No one is better for true 24bits image)

  6. I recommend Jpeg for storing 24 bits images, even 8 bits images.

  7. Not all subroutines are fully tested

  8. This document is not well written. If you have any PROBLEM, SUGGESTION,
     COMMENT about this program,
     Please send to u7711501@bicmos.ee.nctu.edu.tw (140.113.11.13).
     I need your suggestion to improve this program.
     (There is NO anonymous ftp on this site)


(8) Tech. information:
  Program (user interface and some subroutines) written by Jih-Shin Ho.
  Some subroutines are borrowed from XV(2.21) and PBMPLUS(dec 91).
  Tiff(V3.2) and Jpeg(V4) reading/writing are through public domain
    libraries.
  Compiled with DJGPP.
  You can get whole DJGPP package from SIMTEL20 or mirror sites.
    For example, wuarchive.wustl.edu: /mirrors/msdos/djgpp


(9) For Thoese who want to modify video driver:
   1. get GRX source code from SIMTEL20 or mirror sites.
   2. For HiColor and TrueColor:
        15 bits : # of colors is set to 32768.
        16 bits : # of colors is set to 0xc010.
        24 bits : # of colors is set to 0xc018.


Acknowledgment:
  I would like to thank the authors of XV and PBMPLUS for their permission
    to let me use their subroutines.
  Also I will thank the authors who write Tiff and Jpeg libraries.
  Thank DJ. Without DJGPP I can't do any thing on PC.




I agree entirely.  Speaking as an atheist (heterosexual, for what it's
worth), this is one of the least attractive parts of some varieties of
Christianity.  Although I'm sure it's possible to argue theologically
that we shouldn't make analogies between discrimination on the basis
of sex and race and discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation,
morally the case looks unanswerable (for those outside religion): the
three forms _are_ analogous; we shouldn't discriminate on the basis of
sex, race or sexual orientation.

I found the moderator's FAQs on the subject instructive, and recommend
everyone to read them.

There seem to be three different levels of acceptance:

1) Regard homosexual orientation as a sin (or evil, whatever)
2) Regard homosexual behaviour as a sin, but accept orientation
(though presumably orientation is unfortunate) and dislike people who
indulge
3) As 2, but "love the sinner"
4) Accept homosexuality altogether.

My experience is that 3 is the most common attitude (I imagine 1 and 2
are limited to a few fundamentalist sects).

I suppose I can go along with 3, except that I have this feeling that
a 14--15 year old living in a community with this attitude, on
discovering that they were more attracted to members of the same sex,
would not feel the love of the community, but would rather feel the
pressure not to exhibit their feelings.  I'm not saying that the
community (in particular the parents) would not love the child, but I
suspect the child would not feel loved.

[...Dr. England's story deleted, it was a nice read the first time 
through...]]


	It isn't so much a matter of 'interpretation' of Bible texts 
that sets Mormonism apart from orthodoxy as it is a matter of 
*fabrication*.

	About 20 years ago, _National Lampoon_ had some comic strips 
in them that were drawn by Neal Adams. They were called "Son o' God" comics. 
It was a parody of the Jesus in the Bible. In the comic, there were a 
group of thirteen Jewish kids from Brooklyn, and when one of them said 
the magic word, he turned into "Son o' God." He went from a myopic, 
curly headed, yarmulke wearing boy to a replica of the stylizied 
portraits of Jesus --- with long flowing brown hair and gentile 
features.	

	Now, if someone were to profess faith in this NatLamp Jesus, 
and claim that they were a Christian because they believed in this 
NatLamp Jesus, we would have to say that this was fallacious since 
this Jesus was a fabrication, and did not really exist.

	This is the exact same thing that the LDS do when they claim 
that they are Christian. They profess faith in Jesus, but the Jesus 
that they profess to have faith in is as much a fabrication as the 
NatLamp Jesus was.

Romans 8:28 (RSV)   We know that in everything God works for good with those 
who love him, who are called according to his purpose. 

Murphy's Law:  If anything can go wrong, it will.

We are all quite familiar with the amplifications and commentary on
Murphy's Law.  But how do we harmonize that with Romans 8:28?  For that
matter, how appropriate is humor contradicted by Scripture?
I am doing a political science paper on the funding of NASA and pork-barrel 
politics.  I would be interested in information about funding practices and
histories of some of the major programs (Apollo, STS, SSF, etc) and the
funding of SSTO to contrast.  Could someone please recommend some sources
that would be useful?  Thank you.
Reported yesterday in the Washington Post (Kathy Sawyer, writer):

The article plays down the Russian role in US space.

Gibbons (science advisor to Clinton) sent Goldin a letter indicating
NASA should not limit redesign options to those compatible with Mir
orbit.

The White House thinks expectations for Russian cooperation have been
raised too high.

The article reports that some think the spending and schedule limits
for space station are so stringent that the redesign is nearly
impossible.  That's why some think Goldin has begun looking at 
Russian hardware.

Goldin states NASA will present all options to the administration 
which will then have decision making power.

Goldin and the White House have totally ruled out using Energia to
boost the station.
Bill Gripp writes



ok, but didn't Jesus figure somewhere into their beliefs? Anyway, my
original question regarding christians and weaponry still stands. 



In many places, Christians were sucessful in their attempts
to get the films banned, or at least given a very restrictive 
showing.

I have no problem with Christians burning their own pieces of
art (though I find it a tragic waste). I do however have a 
problem with their attempts to censor what I may or may not
view.

P.
I have received my copies of Cosmonautics 1990 and
Cosmonautics 1991, as well as Soviet Space 1990 and Space
Station [MIR] Handbook from Aerospace Ambassadors with no
problem.
     I'm getting ready to FAX them some material in Huntsville,
and I'll include a printout of your inquiry.
 ____________________________________________________________
Yesterday I wrote a program to do bilinear interpolation ala Numerical
Recipes, with the PBMPLUS libraries.  I'm pretty happy with the results,
but I'm looking for any already-coded non-linear interpolation schemes
before I go ahead an try to write one.  Any pointers?

--
09 Apr 93, Susan Harwood Kaczmarczik writes to All:

 >> "We suspect that's because one party to the (environmental)
 >> dispute thinks the Earth is sanctified.  It's clear that much
 >> of the environmentalist energy is derived from what has been
 >> called the Religious Left, a SECULAR, or even PAGAN fanaticism
 >> that now WORSHIPS such GODS as nature and gender with a
 >> reverence formerly accorded real religions."  (EMPHASIS MINE).

 SHK> First of all, secular and pagan are not synonyms.  Pagan, which is
 SHK> derived from the latin paganus, means "of the country."  It is, in
 SHK> fact, a cognate with the Italian paisano, which means peasant.
 SHK> Paganism, among other things, includes a reverence for the planet and
 SHK> all life on the planet -- stemming from the belief that all life is
 SHK> interconnected.  So, rather than be something secular, it is something
 SHK> very sacred.

I would go further, and say that much of the damage to the environment
has been caused by the secular worldview, or by the humanist
worldview, and especially by the secular humanist worldview.

This is not to say that ALL secular humanists are necessarily avid
destroyers of the environment, and I am sure that there are many who
are concerned about the environment. But at the time of the
Renaissance and Ref ormation in Western Europe man became the centre,
or the focus of culture (hence "humanism"). This consciousness was
also secular, in the sense that it was concerned primarily with the
present age, r ather than the age to come. Capitalism arose at the
same time, and the power of economics became central in philosophy.
This doesn't mean that economics did not exist before, simply that it
began to dominate the conscious cultural values of Western European
society and its offshoots. This cultural shift was, in its later
stages, accompanied by industrial revolutions and the values that
justified
 them.

There was a fundamental cultural shift in the meaning of "economics" -
from the Christian view of man as the economos, the steward, of
creation to the secular idea of man as the slave of economic forces
and powers. There were denominational differences among the new
worshippers of Mammon. For some the name of the deity was "the free
rein of the market mechanism", while for others it was "the
dialectical forces of history". But in both the capitalist West and
the socialist East the environment was sacrificed on the altar of
Mammon. The situation was mitigated in the West because thos e who
were concerned about the damage to the environment had more freedom to
oppose what was happening and state their case.

Steve
Re: Space billboards

Even easier to implement than writing messages on the Moon, once upon
a time a group of space activists I belonged to in Seattle considered
a "Goodyear Blimp in orbit".  The idea was to use a large structure
that could carry an array of lights like the Goodyear Blimp has.
Placed in a low Earth orbit of high inclination, it could eventually
be seen by almost everyone on Earth.  Only our collective disapproval
of cluttering up space with such a thing stopped us from pursuing
it.  It had quite feasible economics, which I will not post here
because I don't want to encourage the idea (if you want to do such
a thing, go figure it out for yourself).

Dani Eder

Sounds liek what the FED has to do is sign a 50 or more year lease to use
certain parts of a space station that is built and designed and such by a
commerical company or consortium of companies (such as like Alyeska) for a
small amount of rent in return for certain incentives and such.. Such as tax
and other right off and also a monopoly on certain products.. The commerical
builders would have certain perks given to them to make there end easier (taxes
, contracts, regulatory concesions and such..)

Is it workable, just might work..

After all, if China can lease out Hong Kong and the people of Hong Kong can
make money, this could work..
I would like to see Christians devote a bit less effort to _bashing_
paganism and more to figuring out how to present the Gospel to pagans.

Christ is the answer; the pagans have a lot of the right questions.
Unlike materialists, who deny the need for any spirituality.


I am looking for some good quality graphics files which are
suitable for use in church-related presentations. I prefer vector,
but anything would be helpful.

If you know of bulletin boards which have collections of this nature, or
commercial products, please inform me by email:

HASTON@UTKVX.UTK.EDU


Peter,  there's a radiosity package ahead. The only problem is: there 
are a few miles to sail ... ;-^

Let's be serious... I'm working on a radiosity package, written in C++.
I would like to make it public domain.  I'll announce it in c.g. the minute
I finished it. 

That were the good news. The bad news: It'll take another 2 months (at least) 
to finish it. 

In the meantime you may have a look at the file
  Radiosity_code.tar.Z
located at
  compute1.cc.ncsu.edu

(there are some other locations; have a look at archie to get the nearest)

Hope that'll help.

Yours

Stephan



----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Stephan Amann     SIG Computer Graphics, University of Berne, Switzerland
           amann@iam.unibe.ch
	   Tel +41 31 65 46 79	   Fax +41 31 65 39 65

 Projects: Radiosity, Raytracing, Computer Graphics

I need some help.  We are upgrading our animation/video editing stand. We
are looking into the different type of setups for A/B roll and a cuts only
station.  We would like this to be controlled by a computer ( brand doesnt matter but maybe MAC, or AMIGA).  Low end to high end system setups would be very
helpful. If you have a system or use a system that might be of use, could you
mail me your system requirements, what it is used for, and all the hardware and
software that will be necessary to set the system up.  If you need more 
info, you  can mail me at   eylerken@u.washington.edu

thanks in advance.
In reference to the limits of acceleration with guns launching solid
rockets as payloads.  Thiokol provided me with samples and data on
a reinforcement to solid motor grains for high accelerations.  Solid
motor propellants usually have a substantial percentage of 
aluminum in the mix.  For example, the Space Shuttle SRBs are 16 percent
Aluminum.  The technique is to use a 'foamed aluminum' structure.
The structure looks like the inverse of a set of bubbles (an I suspect
some bubbling process is used to form it).  In other words, if you made
a bunch of bubbles in molten aluminum, then froze it, this is what
you get.  It forms a strong network of effectively aluminum wires in
all directions.  The remaining solid fuel mix is infiltrated into
the voids, and you get aluminum-reinforced solid propellant.  The
foamed-aluminum makes up about 6 percent of the total propellant,
so there is still aluminum particles in the bulk grain.  The major
improvement is the higher resistance to grain cracking, which is the
principal failure mode for solid propellant.

Dani Eder

   We publish plenty kiddo,you just have to look.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 .sig files are like strings ... every yo-yo's got one.
: : Seems to me Koresh is yet another messenger that got killed
: : for the message he carried. (Which says nothing about the 
: : character of the messenger.) I reckon we'll have to find out
: : the rest the hard way.
: : 
: 
: Koresh was killed because he wanted lots of illegal guns.
The 68070 _does_ exist. It's number was licensed to Philips to make their
own variant. This chip includes extra featurfes such as more I/O ports, 
I2C bus... making it more microcontroller like.

It is interesting that you posted those lyrics, because just the
other day I was thinking of doing the same.  I like those lyrics,
since whenever I am approached by judgemental, pharisitical,
evangelical fundamentalists who throw the Bible at me because
I have long hair, wear a black leather jacket, and listen to Black
Sabbath, I have something to throw back.  Usually their chins drop
and they come up speechless over those not very satanic lyrics.

It just goes to show that there are more important evils in the
world to battle than rock lyrics...........




Was it Pascal, or maybe Descartes, who first used this figure of speech? 
I seem to have some vague recollections from reading some of their essays,
but I certainly couldn't say it was one of them for sure.



Which means he has absolutely no idea about what the Assumption is.

However greatly we extoll Mary, it is quite obvious that she is in no
way God or even part of God or equal to God.  The Assumption of our
Blessed Mother, meant that because of her close identification with the
redemptive work of Christ, she was Assumed (note that she did not
ASCEND) body and soul into Heaven, and is thus one of the few, along
with Elijah, Enoch, Moses (maybe????) who are already perfected in
Heaven.  Obviously, the Virgin Mary is far superior in glorification to
any of the previously mentioned personages.

Jung should stick to Psychology rather than getting into Theology.
THE EMPTY TOMB:  CAN WE TRUST IT?

                   by the late Wilbur M. Smith, D.D.
                              (1894-1977)

          When Jesus was on Earth, He made an amazing prediction about
     Himself, and frequently repeated it.  Let me quote it for you:

                 Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son
               of Man shall be betrayed unto the chief
               priests and unto the scribes, and they shall
               condemn Him to death, and shall deliver Him
               to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and
               to crucify Him; and the third day He shall
               rise again" (Matthew 20:18-19).

          Wholly different from the normal experience of men, Jesus,
     who had *never* done anything worthy of death, even deserving
     reproval, knew He would die before He was 40 years of age.  He
     knew the very city where He would die.  He knew that the religious
     leaders of His own race would condemn Him to death.  He knew that
     one of His own would betray Him.  He knew that before His actual
     death took place He would be mocked and scourged.  He knew exactly
     how He would die--*by crucifixion.*

          All this is in itself remarkable.  But more amazing than the
     minute particulars of His foreknowledge was what He predicted
     would follow shortly after He was buried--*that He would rise
     again.*  He even designated the time--on the third day.

          But since it is on this central fact--the death and resurrec-
     tion of Jesus Christ--that the whole truth or untruth of Chris-
     tianity turns, let us examine it more closely.

          The body of Jesus was embalmed in long sheets of cloth
     between the layers of which a great abundance of spices and
     ointments was distributed.  The body was placed in a tomb which
     had never before been used, and a great stone was rolled against
     the entrance.  The Jewish authorities, fully aware that Jesus had
     predicted He would rise again, had the stone officially sealed and
     on Saturday placed a guard before the tomb to prevent the
     disciples from carrying away the body.  Early Sunday morning some
     of the women who were faithful followers of Christ went out to the
     tomb to further anoint the body.  To their utter astonishment,
     they found the stone rolled away, the body gone.  They rushed back
     to tell the disciples.  Shortly two of Jesus' friends, Peter and
     John, utterly skeptical about the whole affair, came and found the
     tomb empty, just as the women had said.  Even the guards came
     hurrying into the city to tell the Sanhedrin that had hired them
     to guard the tomb that the body was gone (Matthew 28:11).

          How did this tomb become empty?

          One of the most famous New Testament scholars in America--
     professor of New Testament literature in a large theological
     seminary--wrote to the author in answer to my question of *how*
     the tomb became empty, and wrote it in a letter *not* marked by
     bitterness or sarcasm, that he could no more explain how the tomb
     became empty than he could explain how Santa Claus comes down the
     chimney at Christmas time.

          But he didn't realize that Santa Clause never did come down
     any chimney at Christmas time, *because there never was a Santa
     Claus!*  ...And there *is* a Jesus.  He died; He was buried in the
     tomb of Joseph of Arimathea, and on Sunday the body was gone.

          Those are facts of history.  No one can escape the responsi-
     bility of coming to some conclusion about what really happened by
     mentioning a myth we all abandoned before we were eight years old.

          Another professor, Dr. Kirsopp Lake of Harvard University,
     tried to explain the empty tomb by saying (what no other scholar
     in the field of New Testament criticism has ventured to adopt)
     that the women went to the wrong tomb.

          The facts are these:

          First, so far as we know, there was no other tomb nearby to
     which by mistake they could have gone.

          Second, it is contrary to all similar experience for three or
     more people to forget the place where they have buried their
     dearest loved one within less than three days.  Even if the women
     did miss the tomb, when Peter and John came, did they too go to
     the wrong tomb?

          Third, were the soldiers *guarding* the wrong tomb?

          There is, of course, a record of an attempt to escape the
     evidence of the empty tomb in the New Testament itself.

                  Now when they were going, behold, some
               of the watch came into the city and showed
               unto the chief priests all the things that
               were done.  And when they were assembled
               with the leaders and had taken counsel, they
               gave large money unto the soldiers, Saying,
               Say ye, His disciples came by night, and stole
               Him away while we slept.  And if this come to
               the governor's ears, we will persuade him, and
               secure you.  So they took the money, and did
               as they were taught:  and this saying is com-
               monly reported among the Jews until this day
               (Matthew 28:11-15).

          This is a good illustration of many later attempts to escape the
     fact that the tomb was empty.

          You will notice at once that the chief priests and the elders never
     questioned but that the tomb *was* empty.  They never even went out to
     see if what the guards had reported was true--they *knew* it was true.

          Another fact about this story makes it ridiculous to maintain that
     the tomb was empty--the soldiers were told to say that Jesus' disciples
     came and stole the body away *while they* (the soldiers) *were asleep!*

          How could they know what was going on while they were asleep?
     Obviously, such testimony would be valueless in any court.

          Even aside from the shallowness and sordidness that make us reject
     the explanation, the very character and the later history of the
     disciples compel us to believe they did not steal and secretly carry away
     the body of Jesus.

          First, as Professor Heffern points out, the leaders of Judaism in
     Jerusalem, who had put the Lord Jesus to death, had nothing to offer to
     contradict these disciples as they continued to preach Jesus and His
     resurrection--because all Jerusalem knew the tomb was empty.  If there
     had been trickery here, sooner or later it would have been suspected,
     then proved.

          Second, surely *one* of the disciples, even *most* of them, would
     have confessed the fraud under the terrific persecution they underwent.
     It may be possible to live a lie, but men seldom die for a lie--and most
     of these men did.

          The result ultimately would have been that the message that Christ
     had risen would have suffered the fate of all such unfounded stories--it
     would have lost it *power.*  Instead, this truth swept the world, closed
     pagan temples, won millions of disciples, brought hope to a despairing
     humanity, was the very foundation truth of the early church, and is today
     as believable and as freshly glorious as ever.

          But not only did Jesus come alive again, He did not disappear to
     leave the disciples speculating through all the subsequent days as to
     what had happened to Him.

          Instead, He appeared to them--literally, visibly, frequently.

          He appeared to the women at the tomb on Resurrection morning
     (Matthew 28:1-10); later that day to Mary Magdalene alone (John 20:11-
     18); and to Simon Peter, also alone (Luke 24:34).  In the afternoon He
     walked with two of His followers toward Emmaus (Luke 24:13-35); and that
     night He appeared to ten of the apostles gathered together in an upper
     room at Jerusalem (Mark 16:14-16; Luke 24:36-40; etc.).

          A week later He appeared to all eleven of the apostles, probably at
     the same place (John 20:26-28).  Once He was seen by above 500 brethren
     on a mountain in Galilee (I Corinthians 15:6); and finally to the
     apostles just before His ascension (Mark 16:19; Luke 24:50-52; Acts 1:3-
     8).

          As with the fact of the empty tomb, so in regard to these histor-
     ically recorded appearances, all kinds of theories have been proposed
     attempting to deny their literalness.  But these theories are
     unreasonable, without supporting evidence.  None has ever won the
     unanimous approval of those who refuse to believe in the reality of the
     appearances.

          Moreover, while it is true we are living in an age when may of our
     leading scientists and agnostics and many of our philosophers are
     antisuperanaturalistic, let us not forget that some of the greatest
     thinkers of the ages have firmly believed in this great miracle.
     Increase Mather, president of Harvard; Timothy Dwight, president of Yale;
     Nathan Lord, president of Dartmouth; Edward Hitchcock, president of
     Amherst; Mark Hopkins, president of Williams; John Witherspoon, president
     of Princeton--these men and countless others have believed it.

          But suppose Christ *did* rise from the dead, what of it?  What has
     it to do with *my* life?  What has it to do with *your* life?  Just this:
     it seals with certitude the teachings of Christ.

          Jesus taught many great truths--especially many about Himself.  He
     claimed to have come down *from* God.

          He said He was the way *to* God.

          He said He was the Son of God, who alone knew God perfectly.

          He said that whoever believed on Him had eternal life, and no one
     else had it.

          He said that whatever we ask God in His name, He would grant it to
     us.

          Thus when He did rise from the grave on the third day, He revealed
     that in these amazing, unparalleled predictions, *He spoke the truth!*

          Do you know any reason, *any good reason,* why we should not believe
     that His words are all true?

          The point is, does not the truth of the Resurrection convince us
     that He is none other than the One He claimed to be--the Son of God?

          And then, of course, the fact that Christ rose from the dead
     testifies that He has broken the power of death, and that He will some
     day raise us also up from the grave, as He promised.

          In other words, if this Person, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, in all
     this, He should be the cornerstone of the foundation of your life.  For
     He said a life built on Him would know forgiveness of sins, His compan-
     ionship and help, a joy that no circumstances can ever take away, and a
     hope that shineth more and more unto a perfect day.
[insert deletion of unnecessary quote]


First of all, God does not take any sort of pleasure from punishing
people.  He will have mercy on whom he will have mercy and compassion on
whom he will have compassion (Ex 33:19).  However, if he enjoyed
punishing people and sending them to hell, then why would he send Jesus
to "seek and save that which was lost" (Luke 19:10)?

You asked for it.

2 Peter 2:4-ff talks about how those who are ungodly are punished.
Matthew 25:31-46 is also very clear that those who do not righteous in
God's eyes will be sent to hell for eternity.
2 Thessalonians 1:6-10 states that those who cause trouble for the
disciples "will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out
from the presence of the Lord".
2 Thessalonians 2:9-12 talks about those who refuse to love the truth
being condemned.
Revelation 21:6-8 talks about the difference between those who overcomes
and those who do not.  Those who do not, listed in verse 8, will be in
the "fiery lake of burning sulfur".
Revelation 14:9-12 gives the indication that those who follow the beast
"will be tormented with burning sulfur" and there being "no rest day or
night" for them because of it.
Psalm 9:17:  "The wicked return to the grave, all the nations that
forget God."

I think those should be sufficient to prove the point.


Joe Fisher

[In the following I'm mostly playing "devil's advocate".  I'm not
advocating either position.  My concern is that people understand that
it's possible to see these passages in different ways.  It's possible
to see eternal destruction as just that -- destruction.  Rev often
uses the term "second death".  The most obvious understanding of that
would seem to be final extinction.  The problem is that the NT speaks
both of eternal punishment and of second death.  I.e. it uses terms
that can be understood either way.  My concern here is not to convince
you of one view or the other, but to help people understand that
there's a wide enough variety of images that it's possible to
understand them either way.  As Tom Albrecht commented, the primary
point is to do our best to keep people out of the eternal fire,
whatever the details.  (To make things more interesting, Luke 20:35
implies that the damned don't get resurrected at all.  Presumably
they just stay dead. -- yes I'm aware that it's possible to 
understand this passage in a non-literal way.)

2 Peter 2:4-ff is talking about angels, and talks about holding them
in hell until the final judgement.  This isn't eternal punishement.

Matthew 25:31-46 talks about sending the cursed into eternal fire
prepared for the devil and his angels.  The fact that the fire is
eternal doesn't mean that people will last in its flames forever.
Particularly interesting is the comment about the fire having been
prepared for the devil and his angels.  Rev 20 and 21 talk about the
eternal fire as well.  They say that the beast and the false prophet
will be tormented forever in it.  When talking about people being
thrown into it (20:13-14), it is referred to as "the second death".
This sounds more like extinction than eternal torment.  Is is possible
that the fire has different effects on supernatural entities such as
the devil, and humans?

2 Thessalonians 1:6-10 similarly, what is "everlasting destruction"?
This is not necessarily eternal torment.  This one can clearly be
understood either way, but I think it's at least possible to think
that everlasting is being used to contrast the kind of destruction
that can occur in this life with the final destruction that occurs in
eternity.

2 Thessalonians 2:8 again talks about destruction.
Revelation 21:6-8: see comment above
Revelation 14:9-12 is probably the best of the quotes.  Even there,
it doesn't explicitly say that the people suffer forever.  It says
that the smoke (and presumably the fire) is eternal, and that 
there is no respite from it.  But it doesn't say that the people
are tormented forever.

Psalm 9:17:  I don't see that it says anything relevant to this issue.
Several recent posts have identified the English word 'Easter' with
the Babylonian goddess 'Ishtar'.

'Easter' is a pagan word all right, but it has nothing to do with Ishtar.
If 'Easter' and 'Ishtar' were related, their history would show it.
But in Old English, Easter was 'Eostre', cognate with English 'East'
and German 'Ost'.   The reconstructed Proto-Germanic form is 'Austron'.
Not until after 1400 did 'Easter' have a high front vowel like 'Ishtar'.
Clearly, the two words have quite separate origins.

There may be neo-pagans who worship Ishtar at Easter, but if so, they
are making either a mistake of etymology, or a deliberate play on words.

-- Michael Covington  (Ph.D., linguistics)



Every time you read about a shuttle landing they mention the double sonic  
booms.  Having taken various relevant classes, I have several ideas of where  
they come from, but none of them are very convincing.  Exactly what causes  
them?  Are they a one time pheneomenon, or a constant one like the supersonic  
shockwave that is constantly produced by a plane, but you hear only when it  
goes over you?

---
---------------------------------------------------------------------
LEWB>> Lets add to those percentages 13-15% for the Orphaic docterians
brought LEWB>>to the group by Paul/Saul who was a high ranking initiate. On
the LEWB>>development of Orphaic Mysteries, see Jane Harrisons .Prolegomena
to the LEWB>>study of Greek religion. Cambridge U Press 1922. and you can
easly draw LEWB>>your own conclusions.
 
josh> perhaps you can quote just a bit of her argument?
Can someone give me the title of a good VGA graphics programming book?
Please respond by email. Thanks!

			--Yuan

I'm not very impressed by the old so-called "prospecting" work from
LPI, it has almost all been geared towards industrially silly processes on
the moon as an excuse to put astronauts there.   [...]

Translation:  It doesn't support the Nick Szabo Vision of the Future
to Which You MUST Subscribe...

Fred, we're all supporting what each of us thinks should be done, to some
degree.  If you have a problem with what Nick thinks should be done,
address it, instead of just complaining about his doing so.

You really don't get what the 'complaints' are about, do you?
  [not incredibly clear explanation of complaints...something between
   feelings regarding Nick's method, and judgments about his meaning]

T

F

*** Fred's issue #1;  Nick's alleged trashing of others ***

I only got it when you stopped trashing, and made your point patently,
instead of 'allegorically'.  That was my point all along, Fred.





I see we are dealing with a problem in a conflict of interpretations, not
least of which is your belief that only you can adequately judge what is
and is not debate.  Suffice to say that I disagree with you on that last
point.  Why don't you take a poll, Fred, if you want some psuedo-objective
point-of-view?

And, as usual, you defend your insults with "he started it."  "Yeah, I
took some of his research and called it my own, but he started it."  "So
what if I stole his car, he stole my lawnmower first."  Besides that, I
think it's still open to interpretation whether Nick actually did start it.
So your defense, besides being lame, and contradicting the first part of
the sentence in which it occurs, may not even apply anyway.

Your defense reminds me of the guy that broke the borrowed tool:  "I
never borrowed it, I already gave it back, and it was broken when you
gave it to me."  Make up yer mind, Fred!





First, I try to address what I think you meant, for which I am rewarded
with a denial of sorts, and a smart remark.  Then, I point out that I am
not clear what you did mean, rather than risking your childish ire, wrongly
interpreting you a second time, and I'm stupid for it.  I just can't win,
can I, Fred?  You've got a great point here somewhere, it's just that
between stupid people that you must insult, and your jealous guarding of
your valuable opinions, you never actually get around to making it.


*** Fred issue #2;  Nick's alleged meaning ***

Too bad the plan only exists in your mind, instead of Nick's, or you
would have a really good point.  Instead you have provided a good reason
to ignore your insults, since they are based on incorrect interpretations
that you have made about others.  Forgive me for giving your insults more
meaning than they ever should have had.

My reading of what Nick actually said is that "people aren't required in
all parts of all space processes", so your taking issue with his opinions
regarding people in the space program, I read as "People are required in
all parts of all space processes."  So, help me out, here, Fred, since I'm
so patently stupid.  Did you read Nick wrong?  Or are you going to eat
your terminal now?  If the latter, I sure hope it's one of those Cheeto and
string models that all the computer mags have been raving about :-)

The point is, _I_ am not stupid because of _your_ incorrect assumption.  I'd
only be stupid if I insulted you for having made it.  But, alas, that's your
job, Fred.

And, finally, your style is confusing, since you tried to make two points,
simultaneously, with an allegory/insult.  Sadly, one point addressed a 'plan'
that only existed in your mind, and the other took issue with behaviors that
you do as much as anyone.


No, no, I finally got it.  You don't like the plan that Nick's posts made
you imagine.  And you don't like Nick's obnoxious behavior, even though
it's no worse than your own.  Thanks for taking the time with someone as
dense as myself.





Of course, Socrates.  How could it be otherwise?


Who cares who came on the net first?  If you do, consider that you saw
me come on after a brief haitus, before which I was on for about 2 years.
If you had seen me on the net first, you'd remember when Nick and I went
down exactly the same road regarding rude, unneccesary behavior.  It's
just amazing to me that you continue to take issue with behavior that's
no worse than your own.

Let's see here, my complaints about your obnoxious behavior are hypocritical,
while your flames against people you decide are flamers isn't, and my
complaints about your name-calling are immature, while your name-calling
isn't.  Yeah, right.  Maybe if you called me some more names, I might
see it better, Fred.

"Net.ghod wannabe"?  Naturally, Fred, you've correctly interpreted my
motivations, when yours are impossible to judge from your actions (as
your insulting of people that try, proves).  I didn't really care about
people that fill the net with personal garbage, what I really wanted was to
impress everyone.  I only put my complaints with your behavior on private
mail, not because it belongs there, but because I thought you were such a
jerk that you'd bring it back to the Net, playing right into my hands.
Alas, I had no idea what an intellectual master you were, turning tables and
bringing the history of these posts to the net, for the noble and valuable
purpose of embarassing me.  Whether I should feel stupid because I tried
to make suggestions to such a superior intellect, or becuase I tried to
communicate like an adult with a self-righteous ass, still isn't clear.

Well, Fred, you exposed me.  Now I'll never be able to get a(nother) job
with NASA, since they all know that I'm stupider than Fred McCall.  Well,
I just hope you're happy.  Please leave me alone, now.  I just don't
have the heart to attempt keeping up with one so far above me.  Maybe Nick
or Pat can approach your high standards, but I'm dropping it now.

-Tommy Mac
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tom McWilliams 517-355-2178 wk   \\ As the radius of vision increases,
18084tm@ibm.cl.msu.edu 336-9591 hm \\ the circumference of mystery grows.

	.
	.
	.

Why do you assume that Jesus's plea to His Father "to let this cup
pass from Him", was merely a plea to escape death?  When I look at
Jesus in the garden, I see a Man-God, who all His life had had the
presense of His Father with Him.  As a result, He knew every
detail about His death long before the Agony in the Garden.  But
as that hour approached, He felt abandoned by His Father, His
presense diminishing with each passing minute.  In addition, it
was brought more and more to Jesus's attention (the betrayal of
Judas was probably a big impact) that His suffering would be to no
avail for many people, especially those who would reject Him, not
only then but in the future.  I truly believe that the majority of
Jesus's suffering was mental and spiritual, while the physical
portion was only the tip of the iceburg.

BTW, we know from John's account that Jesus *shunned* becomming an earthly
king.  From John:

JOH 6:14    After the people saw the miraculous sign that Jesus did, they
            began to say, "Surely this is the Prophet who is to come into the
            world."
JOH 6:15    Jesus, knowing that they intended to come and make him king by
            force, withdrew again to a mountain by himself.

This does not seem like a man who would regret not becoming an
earthly king.  No, Jesus knew His mission was to redeem all (Jew &
Gentile) people and establish His kingdom in the hearts of those
who would believe.  This was utterly mistaken, much to Jesus's
dismay, as an aspiration to some earthly kingdom.  But He knew
what His Father's will was and followed it obediently even in the
darkness of His Passion.

Ed Campion
Headquarters, Washington, D.C.                             April 23, 1993
(Phone:  202/358-1780)

Kyle Herring
Johnson Space Center, Houston
(Phone:  713/483-5111)

RELEASE:  93-76

HUBBLE TELESCOPE SERVICING MISSION SCHEDULED FOR ELEVEN DAYS

	The December flight of Endeavour on Space Shuttle mission STS-61 to
service the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) has been scheduled as an 11 day
mission designed to accommodate a record five spacewalks with the capability
for an additional two, if needed.

	The decision to schedule five extravehicular activities, or EVAs, was
reached following extensive evaluations of underwater training, maneuver times
required using the Shuttle's robot arm based on software simulations and actual
EVA tasks on previous missions.

	"Basically what we've done by going to five EVAs rather than three is
to repackage our margin so that we have the capability to respond to the
dynamics, or unknowns, of spacewalks," Mission Director Randy Brinkley said.
"It improves the probabilities for mission success while providing added
flexibility and adaptability for reacting to real-time situations."

	In laying out the specific tasks to be completed on each of the
spacewalks, officials have determined that changing out the gyros, solar arrays
and the Wide Field/Planetary Camera (WF/PC) and installing the Corrective
Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement (COSTAR) are priority objectives
during the mission.

	"When we looked at accomplishing all of the tasks, highest through
lowest priority, and recognizing that the major tasks -- gyros, solar arrays,
WF/PC and COSTAR -- would consume most of the time set aside for each
spacewalk, five EVAs were deemed appropriate," said Milt Heflin, Lead Flight
Director for the mission.

	While the five spacewalks will be unprecedented, the use of two
alternating spacewalk teams will alleviate placing more stress on the crew than
previous missions requiring two, three or four EVAs.

	"We have paid close attention to lessons learned during previous
spacewalks and factored these into our timeline estimates for five EVAs,"
Heflin said.  "In planning for all Space Shuttle missions, it is necessary to
formulate a work schedule that represents as realistic a timeline as possible
to accomplish the mission objectives."

	Planning currently calls for at least five water tank training sessions
that include support from the Mission Control Center, called joint integrated
simulations, lasting between 10 and 36 hours.  In addition, many stand alone
underwater training "runs" will practice individual tasks in each spacewalk.

	Various refinements to the specific tasks on each spacewalk will be
made based on actual training experience during the months prior to the
mission.  Also, lessons learned from other spacewalks leading up to the flight
will be valuable in assisting the STS-61 crew in its training techniques.

	Endeavour's June flight and Discovery's July mission both will include
spacewalks to evaluate some of the unique tools to be used on the HST mission.
The evaluations will help in better understanding the differences between the
actual weightlessness of space and the ground training in the water tanks at
the Johnson Space Center, Houston, and the Marshall Space Flight Center,
Huntsville, Ala.

	Also, the inflight spacewalking experiences will assist in gaining
further insight into the time required for the various tasks and expand the
experience levels among the astronaut corps, the flight controllers and
trainers.

	Designed to be serviced by a Space Shuttle crew, Hubble was built with
grapple fixtures and handholds to assist in the capture and repair procedures.

	The telescope was launched aboard Discovery in April 1990.  At that
time the NASA mixed fleet manifest showed the first revisit mission to HST in
1993 to change out science instruments and make any repairs that may have
become necessary.

Try FTP-ing at
 pub-info.jpl.nasa.gov  (128.149.6.2) (simple dir-structure)

and  ames.arc.nasa.gov
at /pub/SPACE/GIF and /pub/SPACE/JPEG
sorry only 8 bits gifs and jpegs :-( great piccy's though (try the *x.gif
files they're semi-huge gif89a files)
                           ^^-watch out gif89a dead ahead!!!
Good-luck (good software to be found out-there too)

Jurriaan

JHWITTEN@CS.RUU.NL 

  The commercial uses of a transportation system between already-settled-
and-civilized areas are obvious.  Spaceflight is NOT in this position.
The correct analogy is not with aviation of the '30's, but the long
transocean voyages of the Age of Discovery.  It didn't require gov't to
fund these as long as something was known about the potential for profit
at the destination.  In practice, some were gov't funded, some were private.
But there was no way that any wise investor would spend a large amount
of money on a very risky investment with no idea of the possible payoff.
  I am sure that a thriving spaceflight industry will eventually develop,
and large numbers of people will live and work off-Earth.  But if you ask
me for specific justifications other than the increased resource base, I
can't give them.  We just don't know enough.  The launch rate demanded by
existing space industries is just too low to bring costs down much, and
we are very much in the dark about what the revolutionary new space industries
will be, when they will practical, how much will have to be invested to
start them, etc.


If anyone is interested in the history of AMORC, I do think Spencer
Lewis published books about the beginning and his mission. The 
Alexandria bookstore (that's the name of the book store operated 
by AMORC) should have a selection that should provide the interested
reader more insight). 

Cheers,
Kent
Most of the key issues in the 284 line post to which I am following up are
dealt with in the following post I made on talk.abortion yesterday,
modified to correct the next to last paragraph.

Message-ID: <nyikos.734890344@milo.math.scarolina.edu>

References: <nyikos.734360987@milo.math.scarolina.edu> <nyikos.734640769@milo.math.scarolina.edu> <1993Apr13.122356.3612@cbnewsj.cb.att.com>




Dean did not.  He called them "the Great Commission" but this is NOT
descriptive of Jesus's words in Matt. 10:15.

Matt. 10:14, Jerusalem Bible translation:

	"And if anyone does not welcome you or listen to what you have
	to say, as you walk out of the house or town shake the dust
	from your feet."

Matt. 10:15:

 	"I tell you solemnly, on the day of Judgment it will not 
 	go as hard with the land of Sodom and Gomorrah as with 
 	that town."


"> The above is a good description of Kaflowitz, who keeps harping on
 > shaking the dust off the feet but ignoring what Christ said next."
   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^                                ^^^^

The highlighted words refer to Matt 10:14 and 10:15 respectively.

And Dean countered:

"Actually, this comment of your's is a perfect example of what an
intellectually dishonest little sparrowfart you are, since I
specifically acknowledged the Great Commission and the entreaty
to spread the word.  In fact, it is the combination of the two
statements I was addressing, and not just the one, and for you to
characterize that as "ignoring" the instruction to spread the
word is a good example of what a dishonest little fellow you are."

Of course, Matt 10:15 [quoted above] makes no mention of "instruction
to spread the word."

All these quotes btw are from:

Message-ID: <1993Apr13.121624.3400@cbnewsj.cb.att.com>


And I claim it correctly, because my question went:

"Do you, too, measure
the goodness of a post by its entertainment value, and care not
a whit for such mundane things as truth and falsehood?"

and the closest Dean came to an answer was:

"Peter, Peter, Peter.  You're just so stupid, pretentious, dull,
and generally unworthy of the value you place on yourself that
the sport is all there is."

Of course, this does NOT answer my question, which has to do with posts
in GENERAL and not my posts in particular.  Surely even Dean knows this,
yet he brazenly asserts otherwise, reinforcing his claim with an insult:

"So I now restore the answer to your question
that you deleted.  If you're still unable to figure it out, ask
a nice kid at the local junior high to help you.  It really
doesn't take much sophistication to understand."

On top of which, I doubt that the "answer" is at all representative
of Dean's true frame of mind.  The insults you have seen quoted thus
far are but a small sample of the stream that oozes out of Dean's 
mind throughout the 284-line post from which these quotes were taken.
One wonders whether Dean's mind is so warped as to find sport in all
this.

He even dredges up a falsified account of
events that transpired earlier on another thread:

"You made an ass of yourself by claiming that it
				^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
was in the tradition of Lent to make public announcements of
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
the "sins" of other individuals."
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

False.  I said it was the tradition to recall and atone for one's sins.
That I made public announcements of the "sins" of others
--"sins", BTW, that were a matter of public record, documented in
the posts of others-- is a different matter.

Many of the individuals involved are so nearly amoral that
they do not see as sins what morally upright people see as sins, so
I pointed some of them out.  And I expressly set up a whole thread,
YOUR TURN, to let people point out MY sins to me.

Dean again:

"You made an ass of yourself
by saying that my statement of the tradition of tzedukkah was
somehow an attempt to "paint Jews as plaster saints," thereby
revealing your inability to understand the discussion as well
as showing your dislike for people saying positive things
about Jews, and now you show your intellectual dishonesty by
repeatedly ignoring the simple argument being made, and then
claiming I am ignoring the very argument I acknowledge."

Actually, what happened was that Dean made it seem like ANY Jew
who gave alms or did other acts of charity in public was a hypocrite
according to Jewish customs.  In doing so, he was caricaturing
Jewish customs as being almost impossibly demanding, as well as
implicitly slandering all Jews who make public their acts of charity.

I went very easily on Dean for this, giving him the benefit of
the doubt in a post following my initial crack about "plaster saints", 
suggesting that he had been merely careless in his wording.

In an astonishing act of ingratitude, Dean now serves up an incredibly
distorted picture of what took place between us, and using it as
the basis of one insult after another.
I AM Satan!



[A GOOD DEAL OF HEALTHY IF NOT DEEPLY THOUGHT OUT IDEALISM DELETED
BELOW.]


If their parent company does business (and they will) on the face of the Earth
then they are vulnerable to govt. sanctions.  Yes they can be stopped.


For the first 100 - 500 (IMHO) years nobody will have to.  The colonists will
be too dependent on Earth too pull it off.  Eventually they will, history
shows us that.


What exactly do you mean here?  Terrorism?  Start an international incident
so your dream can come true?  Crack a few eggs to make the omelet?  This
sounds fairly irresponsible.



Again, the tie that binds will be much stronger for space colonists than
any immigrants that have gone before.  Even those intrepid Asian
explorers that crossed the Bering land bridge did not have to carry their
air on their backs.

==    

Keep the dream alive, maybe dream it a little more cogently.


...for very small values of six and nine.


On a related topic, I have been searching (with no success)
for a specification of the Enhanced Metafile format.  I have
the original WMF format (Graphics File Formats, Levine et al),
but no info on the 32 bit version.

Any pointers ?

I posted this over in sci.astro, but it didn't make it here.
Thought you all would like my wonderful pithy commentary :-)

What? You guys have never seen the Goodyear blimp polluting
the daytime and nightime skies?

Actually an oribital sign would only be visible near
sunset and sunrise, I believe.  So pollution at night
would be minimal.

If it pays for space travel, go for it.  Those who don't
like spatial billboards can then head for the pristine
environment of Jupiter's moons :-)


There is a vast literature on Delaunay triangulations, literally
hundreds of papers.  A program is even provided with every copy of 
Mathematica nowadays.  You might look at this if you are interested in 
using it for creating 3D objects:

	"And in that day you will ask Me no question.  Truly, truly, I say to 
	you, if you shall ask the Father for anything, He will give it to you 
	in my name.  Until now you have asked for nothing in My name; ask, and 
	you will receive, that your joy may be made full."
				-John 16:23-24

I don't believe that we necessarily have to say " . . . In Christ's name.  
Amen," for our prayers to be heard, but it glorifies the Son, when we 
acknowledge that our prayer is made possible by Him.  I believe that just as 
those who were saved in the OT, could only be saved because Jesus would one day
reconcile God to man, He is the only reason their prayers would be heard by 
God.

	For all of us have become like one who is unclean,
	And all our righteous deeds are like a filthy garment;
	And all of us wither like a leaf,
	and our iniquities, like the wind, take us away.
				-Isaiah 64:6, NAS

Our prayers like the rest of our deeds are too unholy to go directly to the
Father because they are tainted by our sin.  Only by washing these prayers with
Christ's blood are they worthy to be lifted to to the Father.

	"First, I thank my God through Christ Jesus . . ."
				-Romans 1:8, NAS

Some scholars believe that this is Paul recognizing that even his thanks are 
too unholy for the Father.
	Basically, prayer is a gift of grace, I believe that only through Jesus
do our prayers have any power; thus, praying in His name glorifies and praises 
Jesus for this beautiful and powerful gift He has given us.
I seldom see any posts in this group. Is anyone out there in Christendom
listening? If so, why don't we get some dialog going here?

Here's a topic to get things started. My daughter's Christian school sends
home a weekly update on school related topics. This week they sent
something *very* interesting. It was an article written by the leader of a
national (US) Christian school organization about a trip he recently made
to Jerusalem. While there, he was introduced to one of the rabbis who is
working on a project to rebuild the Temple at Jerusalem. The article
included photos of the many furnishings that have already been made in
preparation for furnishing the rebuilt temple according to the
specifications given in the Bible. 

What was even more striking is the fact that the plans for the temple are
complete and the group is only awaiting permission from the Israeli
government before beginning the building. The other startling fact is the
very recent archeological discovery that the original site of the temple is
unoccupied and available for building. Previously it has been thought that
the original site was underneath what is now a mosque, making rebuilding
impossible without sparking a holy war. 

Now it appears that nothing stands in the way of rebuilding and resuming
sacrifices, as the Scriptures indicate will happen in the last days.
Although the Israeli government will give the permission to start, I think
it is the hand of God holding the project until He is ready to let it
happen. Brothers and sisters, the time is at hand. Our redemption is
drawing near. Look up!

There was a Science fiction movie sometime ago (I do not remember its 
name) about a planet in the same orbit of Earth but hidden behind the 
Sun so it could never be visible from Earth. Turns out that that planet 
was the exact mirror image of Earth and all its inhabitants looked like 
the Earthings with the difference that their organs was in the opposite 
side like the heart was in the right side instead in the left and they 
would shake hands with the left hand and so on...

 C.O.EGALON@LARC.NASA.GOV

C.O.Egalon@larc.nasa.gov
The primary problem in human nature is a "fragmentation of being."
Humans are in a state of tension, a tension of opposites. Good and
evil are the most thought provoking polarities that come to mind.

The Bible provides us with many examples of the fragmentation of
being. The warring opposites within us are a product of man's
rebellion against God, which is described so vividly in the pages of
the Scriptures.

Man was created with the order to become a god. Those were the words
of St.  Basil in the fourth century. What he was trying to say was
that God created man to be a partaker of the divine nature. In the
Eastern Orthodox Church, this is called "theosis," or "deification."

One can also say that man was created to be whole, i.e. spirit, soul,
and body operating in unison. The story of Adam and Eve is a picture
of the archetypal humans before obtaining moral consciousness. Theirs
was a harmonious relationship with each other, the world, and the
Creator. That innocent harmony was shattered when they disobeyed God,
their natural wholeness falling apart into two seemingly
irreconcilable halves. Immediately, guilt and fear was manifested in
their lives. They become bound to hardship, toil, and suffering.  This
is symbolized in their exile from the paradisiac state.

The beast in the jungle does not possess moral consciousness. If it
were to receive this self-awareness, the knowledge of good and evil,
its paradisiac state would also be destroyed.

Was it the intention of the Creator to leave man in this state of
innocence all the days of his existence on earth? Or was the gaining
of self-awareness carefully staged by God, who did not desire that His
masterpiece, mankind, be a blissful idiot?

God must have known that, for mankind to achieve any kind of moral
value, he must pass through a confrontation with the opposites. There
is no other way to achieve union with God.

Jesus Christ is the answer to the problem of the warring polarities.
He was the perfectly integrated individual, reconciling the opposites,
and making it possible for us to be integrated, i.e. to become God,
not in His essence, but in His energies.

The opposites is THE Christian problem. The Apostle Paul describes it
with the utmost precision in Romans 7:15-24. And he follows with the
answer to his dilemma in vs 25.
I would like to apologize for the typos in the previous post.

In retrospect I would also like to quote another source: Douglas C.
Haldeman from his 1991 book _Homosexuality_

THERAPY INEFFECTIVE

Recently the founders of yet another prominent "ex-gay" ministry, Exodus
International, denounced their conversion therapy procedures as ineffective.
Michael Busse and Gary Cooper, cofounders of Exodus International and lovers
for 13 years, were involved with the organization from 1976 to 1979.  The
program was described by these men as "ineffective . . . not one person was
healed."  They stated that the program often exacerbated already prominent
feelings of guilt and personal failure among the counselees; many were
driven to suicidal thoughts as a result of the failed "reparative therapy."

The previous article quoted in the last posting is from THE ADVOCATE, June
30, 1992 called "The Ex-Ex-Gay" by Robert Pela.

Some personal thoughts:

It is of no great astonishment that there is a concerted effort by a major
portion of the Church to control and mandate change of a minority among
its ranks.  This was the momentum behind the Spanish Inquisition, only all
they required was a confession of faith (after much torture) and then, to
save their souls they would dispatch them to heaven through death.  Even
later, the Bible was used vigorously to defend slavery, oppression and
segragation of African-Americans, even to the justification of lynchings.
Today's scholars are just a bit more slick in their approach.  The tool is
still coersion, but now it is mostly by means of brainwashing and mind
control, convincing people that they should see themselves as less than
God sees them, then maintaining a cultic hold on them until it is felt
thier mind-conditioning is complete.  Sure, no one is "physically" forced
to stay in this "reparative therapy" but sheer social pressure is enough for
many to keep themselves in this new found bondage of self-hate.

As an abolitionist I advocate the abolishment of oppression and persecution
against gays in all facets of civil life.  A person should be judged by
the contibution, or non-contribution to the society in which they live,
not by some high-brow standard of conformity imposed by those who haven';t
a clue what is in their heart.

For those who seek more information about Gays and groups that accept them
please contact your nearest chapter of PFLAG (Parents & Friends of Lesbians
And Gays) who will be more than happy to assist you.  This is a group of
people comprised of Gays, Lesbians and Bisexuals, their parents and friends
who have formed a support group for help and understanding.  Try talking to
a parent of a gay son or daughter and learn some "first-hand" real life and
loving understanding.  God's love and understanding for Gay people is no
less abundant.
Visual Numerics Inc. (formerly IMSL and Precision Visuals) is in the
process of securing sites for beta testing X Exponent Graphics 1.0 
and C Exponent Graphics 2.0.  (Both X Exponent Graphics and C Exponent
Graphics are 3GL products).  The beta period is from April 26 through 
June 18.  The platform is HP9000/700 running under OS 8.07 with 
ansi C 8.71 compiler.  The media will be sent on 4mm DAT cartridge 
tape.  Here are some of the key facts about the two products.
 
X Exponent Graphics 1.0 key facts:
 
1. Complete collection of high-level 2D and 3D application plot types
   available through a large collection of X resources.
2. Cstom widget for OSF/Motif developers.
3. Built-in interactive GUI for plot customization.
4. Easily-implemented callbacks for customized application feedback.
5. XEG 1.0, being built on the Xt Toolkit provides the user a widget 
   library that conforms to the expected syntax and standards familar 
   to X programmers.
6. XEG will also be sold as a bundle with Visual Edge's UIM/X product.
   This will enable user to use a GUI builder to create the graphical
   layout of an application.
 
C Exponent Graphics 2.0 key facts:
 
1. Written in C for C application programmers/developers.  The library
   is 100% written in C, and the programming interface conforms to C
   standards, taking advantage fo the most desirable features of C.
2. Build-in GUI for interactive plot customization.  Through mouse 
   interaction, the user has complete interactive graph output control
   with over 200 graphics attributes for plot customization.
3. Large collection of high-level application functions for "two-call"
   graph creation.  A wide variety of 2D and 3D plot types are available
   with minimal programming effort.
4. User ability to interrupt and control the X event.  By controlling
   the X event loop, when the user use the mouse to manipulate the  plot
   the user can allow CEG to control the event loop or the user can 
   control the event loop.
 
If anyone is interested in beta testing either of the products, please
contact Wendy Hou at Visual Numerics via email at hou@imsl.com or call
713-279-1066.
 
 
-- 
Jaclyn Brandt
jbrandt@NeoSoft.com
Hi there,

I've made a VGA mode 13h graphics library available via FTP.  I originally
wrote the routines as a kind of exercise for myself, but perhaps someone
here will find them useful.  They are certainly useable as they are, but
are missing some higher-level functionality.  They're intended more as an
intro to mode 13h programming, a starting point.

*** The library assumes a 386 processor, but it is trivial to modify it
*** for a 286.  If enough people ask, I'll make the mods and re-post it as a
*** different version.

The routines are written in assembly (TASM) and are callable from C.  They
are fairly simple, but I've found them to be very fast (for my purposes,
anyway).  Routines are included to enter and exit mode 13h, define a
"virtual screen", put and get pixels, put a pixmap (rectangular image with
no transparent spots), put a sprite (image with see-thru areas), copy
areas of the virtual screen into video memory, etc.  I've also included a
simple C routine to draw a line, as well as a C routine to load a 256
color GIF image into a buffer.  I also wrote a quick'n'dirty(tm) demo program
that bounces a bunch of sprites around behind three "windows".

The whole package is available on spang.camosun.bc.ca in /pub/dos/vgl.zip 
It is zipped with pkzip 2.04g

It is completely in the public domain, as far as I'm concerned.  Do with
it whatever you like.  However, it'd be nice to get credit where it's due,
and maybe an e-mail telling me you like it (if you don't like it don't bother)
OFM responds to a query about reference works:

   [Aside from a commentary, you might also want to consider an
   introduction.  These are books intended for use in undergraduate Bible
   courses.  They give historical background, discussion of literary
   styles, etc.  And generally they have good bibligraphies for further
   reading.  I typically recommend Kee, Froehlich and Young's NT
   introduction...

Two other Intros to consider:

The "Introduction" by Ku:mmel is a translation of a strandard NT text.
The references are slightly dated and the style is somewhat dense, but
the book contains a wealth of information.

Perrin and Duling's Intro is also very good.  It's somewhat more
modern than Ku:mmel's but not quite so densely packed.  Also the
authors tend to go through the books of the NT in the historical order
of composition; this gives a very useful perspective on the
development of the NT.

   ... There are also some good one-volume commentaries.  ... Probably the
   best recommendation these days would be Harper's Bible Commentary.

A slight dissent: I think the Harper's is "OK" but not great.  One
particular problem I have is that it tends to be pretty skimpy on
bibliographic material.  My feeling is that it is OK for quick
look-ups, but not real useful for study in depth (e.g. I keep a copy
in my office at work).

   ... (I think there may be a couple of books with this title...

So far as I know there is the only one book with this exact title
(James L Mays, general editor, Harper and ROw, 1988) although I think
I recall a (older) series under the name "Harper Commentaries".  Also
there's a separate Harper's Bible Dictionary (most of my comments on
the HC also apply to the HBD.)

My favorite one-volume commentary is the "New Jerome Biblical
Commentary".  The NJBC is rather Catholic in focus and somewhat biased
towards the NT.  (The reader can decide for her- or himself whether
these are pluses or minuses.)  In any case the scholarship is by and
large excellent.

NOTE: The NJBC is a completely reworked, updated version of the
"Jerome Biblical Commentary", copies of which can still be found on
sale.

You're assuming that "go solar" = "photovoltaic".  Solar dynamic power
(turbo-alternators) doesn't have this problem.  It also has rather less
air drag due to its higher efficiency, which is a non-trivial win for big
solar plants at low altitude.

Now, you might have to replace the *rest* of the electronics fairly often,
unless you invest substantial amounts of mass in shielding.


References?  Such treaties have been *proposed*, but as far as I know,
none of them has ever been negotiated or signed.


I'll take a try at this...

From the discussions I have been in, and from how *I* have interpreted
the bible, I feel that one can pray either way.  BUT remember this,
before Jesus, the people talked to God (no other way) and he talked 
back.  (audible and dreams, etc.)  Today we have the bible to know 
Gods will, and we have his son you died for US.  He was given as our
savior, and while we still do things according to Gods will, we pray
THROUGH his son.  In the bible it says that if we are not known to 
Jesus, we are not known to God.  (sorry I do not have the verses
with me)  So, if we are to be granted eternal life, we must present
ourselves to Jesus first, who will then present us to God.

Leonard



--

  CH> Concerning the proposed newsgroup split, I personally am not in
  CH> favor of doing this.  I learn an awful lot about all aspects of
  CH> graphics by reading this group, from code to hardware to
  CH> algorithms.  I just think making 5 different groups out of this
  CH> is a wate, and will only result in a few posts a week per group.
  CH> I kind of like the convenience of having one big forum for
  CH> discussing all aspects of graphics.  Anyone else feel this way?
  CH> Just curious.

I must agree.  There is a dizzying number of c.s.amiga.* newsgroups
already.  In addition, there are very few issues which fall cleanly
into one of these categories.

Also, it is readily observable that the current spectrum of amiga
groups is already plagued with mega-crossposting; thus the group-split
would not, in all likelihood, bring about a more structured
environment.

I recently had to move and forgot to update my address to the Orthodox
mailing list. Can anyone e-mail me the address for changes and what
exactly I have to put in caps, etc? (please send the original
subscription address also). Thanks ahead of time! -Ed.
I used the information provided in the recent resource listings and
tried to ftp to:

ccu1.aukland.ac.nz [130.216.1.5]:  ftp/mac/architec - *VISION-3D facet

and received an 'unknown host' message.

mail to Paul D. Bourke (pdbourke@ccu1.aukland.ac.nz) bounces with basically
the same problem.

Where'd he go????

Rick

 



Well, despite what my mother told me about accepting dares, here goes.
 
You have to be very careful about what you mean by "question authority".
Taken literally, it is nonsense. That which is authoratative is authoratative,
and to say "I question to word of this authority" is ridiculous. If it is 
open to question, it isn't an authority. On the other hand, it is perfectly
reasonable to question whether something is an authority. The catch phrase
here should be "authenticate authority." Once you have authenticated
your authority, you must believe what it says, or you are not treating it as
an authority. 

The difficulty is that authenticating an authority is not easy. You 
can perhaps discredit a claim to authority by showing logical inconsistency
in what it teaches, or by showing that it does not obey its own rules of
discourse. But the fact that I cannot discredit something does not, in
inself, accredit it. (Nor does the fact that I can convince myself and 
other that I have discredited something necessarilly mean that it is false.)
I cannot accredit an authority by independantly verifying its teachings, 
because if I can independantly verify its teachings, I don't need an 
authority. I need an authority only when there is information I need which
I cannot get for myself. Thus, if I am to authenticate an authority, I must
do it by some means other than by examining its teachings. 

In practical matters we accept all kinds of authorities because we don't
have time to rediscover fundamental knowledge for ourselves. Every scientist
woring today assumes, on the authority of the scintific community, all sorts
of knowledge which is necessary to his work but which he has not time to 
verify for himself.

In spiritual matters, we accept authority because we have no direct source 
ofinformation. We select our authorities based on various criteria. (I am
a Catholic, in part, because the historical claims of the RC church seem
the strongest.) Without authorities there would be no subject matter for
belief, unless we simply made something up for ourselves (as many do).

The atheist position seems to be that there are no authorities. This is a
reasonable assertion in itself, but it leads to a practical difficulty.
If you reject all authority out of hand, you reject all possibility of
every receiving information. Thus the atheist position can never possibly
change. It is non-falsifiable and therefore unscintific. 

To demand scintific or rational proof of God's existence, is to deny
God's existence, since neither science, nor reason, can, in their very
nature, prove anything.



Has anyone successfully converted Interleaf graphics to CGM, or even heard
of it being done????


We'd love to hear about it.

-Mike McConnell
Can someone please remind me who said a well known quotation? 

He was sitting atop a rocket awaiting liftoff and afterwards, in answer to
the question what he had been thinking about, said (approximately) "half a
million components, each has to work perfectly, each supplied by the lowest
bidder....." 

Attribution and correction of the quote would be much appreciated. 

Your last remark is a contradiction, but I'll let that pass.

I was addressing the notion of the Great Commission, which
you deleted in order to provide us with dull little homilies.
Thank you, Bing Crosby.  Now you go right on back to sleep
and mommy and daddy will tuck you in later.

Oh, and how convenient his bible must have been to Michael
Griffin, how convenient his Christianity.  "Well, I'll just
skip the bit about not murdering people and loving the sinner
and hating the sin and all that other stuff for now and
concentrate on the part where it says that if someone is doing
something wrong, you should shoot him in the back several times
as he tries to hobble away on his crutches."

I'll leave the "convert or die" program of the missionaries and
their military escorts in the Americas for Nadja to explain as
she knows much more about it than I.

Must be awfully convenient, by the way, to offer platitudes
as you have done, David, rather than addressing the arguments.
Hello. I am looking for a program (or algorithm) that can be used
to compute sunrise and sunset times.

I would appreciate any advice.

I'm not sure if this is free or shareware, but you can try to look to wsmrsimtel20.army.mil,
directory PD1:<MSDOS.DESKPUB>  file OCR104.ZIP .
From the file SIMIBM.LST :
OCR104.ZIP    B   93310  910424  Optical character recognition for scanners.

Hope this helps.
I'm interested in simulating reverse (or negative) color video
mathematically.  What is the transform?  Is it a simple
reversal of the hue value in the HSV color space?  Is it
a manipulation in the YUV color space?  How is it related
to solarization?

If you want to see something truly wild, turn on the
reverse video effect on a camcorder so equipped,
and point it at the monitor.  This creates a chaotic
dynamical system whose phase space is continuous along
rotation, zoom, focus, etc.  Very very surprising and 
lovely.  I'd like to write a simulation of this effect
without analog grunge.  Thanks for any info you may have.

Please e-mail any info to me.  I'll post a summary.

Thanks,

-- 
Hi,

  I'm looking for an algorithm that would generate a good cross-section of
RGB colours given a limited colour map size. 

The problem: I'm writing an application for the PC that may have at most 256
colors. I want to use one colormap (palette) for the application but I'd like
it to contain an even spread of colours of the visible spectrum. I could use 
a 6x6x6 RGB cube but the problem is that a lot of those colours are almost
identical to the human eye. 
It is usually possible to reach people at IKI (Institute for Space
Research) in Moscow by writing to

	IKIMAIL@esoc1.bitnet

This is a machine at ESA in Darmstadt, Germany; IKI has a dedicated
phone line to this machine and someone there logs in regularly to
retrieve mail.

In addition, there are several user accounts belonging to Russian
scientific institutions on

	<user>@sovam.com

which is a commercial enterprise based in San Francisco that provides
email services to the former USSR.  For example, fian@sovam.com is the
"PHysics Institute of the Academy of Sciences" (initials transliterated
from Russian, of course).  These connections cost the Russians real
dollars, even for *received* messages, so please don't send anything
voluminous or frivilous.

=====================================================================
Larry R. D'Addario
National Radio Astronomy Observatory


Jesus also recognized other holy days, like the Passover.  Acts 15 says 
that no more should be layed on the Gentiles than that which is necessary.
The sabbath is not in the list, nor do any of the epistles instruct people
to keep the 7th day, while Christians were living among people who did not
keep the 7th day.  It looks like that would have been a problem.

Instead, we have Scriptures telling us that all days can be esteemed alike
(Romans 14:5) and that no man should judge us in regard to what kind of
food we eat, Jewish holy days we keep, or _in regard to the sabbath. (Col. 2.)


I don't think that the Sabbath, or any other command of the law is totally
irrelevant to modern Christians, but what about Collosions 2, where it says
that we are not to be judged in regard to the keeping of the sabbath?
Is it not the case that, in the eyes of the law, when someone is aware of
something and has the capability of taking action and does not, that individual
may be held responsible for that action?

Example: the driver of a getaway car may be held as an accomplice to murder.
	 The "I didn't know" defense spawned the "ignorance of the law is no excuse"

When an individual is held as a material witness to a crime, is there a criminal
charge against the individual?  If not, on what grounds is the person imprisoned?



Am I glad you write that. I got flamed all along because I begged NOT to
crosspost some nonsense articles.

The problem with crossposting is on the first poster. I am aware that this
posting is a crossposting too, but what else should one do. You never know
where the interested people stay in.

To split up newsgroups brings even more crossposting.

-- 

Jan Holler, Bern, Switzerland         Good is not good enough, make it better!
holli!holler@augs1.adsp.sub.org      ((Second chance: holler@iamexwi.unibe.ch))
--> Note:
Reply to a message in soc.religion.christian.

EVENSON THOMAS RANDALL wrote in a message to All:



Hi, You might want to read Charismatic Chaos by John MacArthur.  In it
he discussed exactly this queation, amongst others.  In my own words,
VERY simplified, his position is basically that one must decide, what
is the most important - experience or Scripture?  People tend to say
Scripture, without living according to that.  Their own
feeling/prophecy/etc tends to be put across without testing in the
light of Scripture.

There's a lot more than this, really worthwhile to read whether you're
Charismatic or not.

Groetnis (=cheers)
 Deon

--- timEd/B8

Wasn't there a "plain" flavor too?  They looked more like some
kind of extruded industrial product than food -- perfectly
smooth cylinders with perfectly smooth ends.  Kinda scary.


An other post described it as like a "microwaved Tootsie Roll" --
which captures the texture pretty well.  As for taste, they were
like candy, only not very sweet -- does that make sense? I recall
liking them for their texture, not taste. I guess I have well
developed texture buds.


It was obligatory to eat a few while watching "Captain Scarlet".
Does anybody else remember _that_, as long as we're off the
topic of space?

Shag

-- 



I guess there are at least some people who are not able to support
this claim. There are still a lot of languages without the Bible, or a
part of the Bible. There are still many languages which we are not
able to write, simply because the written version of the language has
not yet been defined!

I guess this is one of the main goals for Wycliffe Bible Translators:
To define rules and a grammar for writing the 'rest' of the languages
of this world. I do not see that any of them will have any reason to
become unemployed during the foreseeable future. (Provided they get
their neccessary support!) And still they are one of the 3 largest
missionary organizations of the world.

Bjorn

  Nut or not, he was clearly a liar.  He said he would surrender after
  local radio stations broadcast his message, but he didn't.  Then he
  said he would surrender after Passover, but he didn't.

  None of which excuses the gross incompetence and disregard for the
  safety of the children displayed by the feds.   As someone else
  pointed out, if it had been Chelsea Clinton in there you would 
  probably have seen more restraint.

Hello everyone,

	I was hoping someone could help me out.  I'm writing a program
	for my astronautics class for assent of the shuttle into a low
	orbit.  There are two things I'd like to know, First, how much 
	time elapses between launch and the pitch over. Second, what is
	the cross-sectional area of the shuttle, srb's, and ext. tank.

	Thanks for any information, post or e-mail.

I would guess that it requires X, almost certainly DV/X, which commonly
uses the GO32 (DJGPP) setup for its programs.  If you don't have DV/X
running, you can't get anything which requires interfacing with X.





As far as I can see, one of the big differences between Davidians and
Christians is in who they follow.  I have sometimes tried to put myself
in the feet of one of Jesus's disciples.  Basically, they gave up a
lot --- career, possibly family, and well, a whole bunch, to follow
Jesus.

So what is the difference?  It is quite plain.  Jesus was good and
David Koresh was not.

The problem is, I think, is that we try to legislate what is good
and what is bad in terms of principles.  For instance, there are thousands of 
laws in the U.S. governing what is legal and what is not.  Often, it is hard
to bring people to justice, because it is not possible to find
a legal way to do it.  If only we could trust judges to be just,
then we could tell them to administer justice fairly, and justice
would be followed.  But since judges don't always get it right,
we have a complicated system involving precedent and bunches
of other stuff which attempt to make the imperfect (the justice
of man) into something perfect.  But what I hear about the justice
system in the U.S. tells me that quite the opposite is true.

There is also a problem that we tend to judge the presentation
more than the material being presented.  So we might consider 
a ranting Christian to be bad, but an eloquent person from another
religion to be good.  This goes along with the American desire
to protect the Constitution at all costs, even if it allows
people to do bad things. 

I think that it is the message that is important.  If a man is
presenting a false message, even if he is ever ever so mild mannered,
then that man is performing a tremendous disservice.

I know that I am rambling here.  I guess that what I am trying to
say is that we shouldn't be looking for principles that tell us
why the Davidians got it wrong.  It is not wrong to follow and
worship a person.  But it is important to choose the right person.
It is simple.  Choose Jesus, and you got it right.  Choose
anyone else, and you got it wrong.  Why?  Because Jesus is the
begotten son of God, and nobody else is.  Jesus was without sin, and
nobody else was.

	Jesus was born a Jew.  We have biblical accounts of
both his mother's ancestry and his father's, both tracing back
to David.  It seems reasonable to assume, therefore, that Jesus
was Semitic.
	As an interesting aside, Jesus' being semitic makes him
neither "white" nor "black," and in some sense underscores the
point made earlier that his color was not important, it was his
message, his grace, and his divinity that we should concentrate
on.
	Finally, I would direct anyone interested in African
involvement in the church to the account of the conversion of
the Ethiopian eunuch in Acts chapter 9 (I think it's chapter
9).  This is one of the earliest conversions, and the eunuch,
treasurer to the queen of the Ethiopians, was definitely
African.  Because "Ethiopia" at that time indicated a region
just south of Egypt, many also speculate that this man was not
only the first African Christian, but the first black Christian
as well.  
God bless,
Charles Campbell




        Yep... Alchemy works fine on my Tseng400+DAC, but I think I remember
reading that it only displays in 15-bit or so.  Of course, that's still 32K
colors which is nothing to sneeze at.  Use the --v flag.


--
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Neal Miller         | "Why not go mad?"  | millernw@craft.camp.clarkson.edu
 Clarkson University |     - Ford Prefect |     dark@craft.camp.clarkson.edu

[ description of experiment deleted ]


[ more deleted ]


A few years ago a friend and I took some 256 grey-level photos from
a 1 bit Mac Plus screen using this method. Displaying all 256 levels
synchronized to the 60Hz display took about 10 seconds. After
experimenting with different aperture settings and screen
brightnesses we found a range that worked well, giving respectable
contrast. The quality of the images was pretty good. There were no
visible contrast bands.

To minimize the exposure time the display program built 255
different 1 bit frames. The first contained a dot only for pixels
that had value 255, the second only for pixels that had value 254,
etc. These frames were stored using a sparse data structure that was
very fast to 'or' onto the screen in sequence. Creating these
frames sometimes took 5-10 minutes on that old Mac, but the camera
shutter was closed during that time anyway. And yes, we wrote
directly to the screen memory. Mea culpa.

Our biggest problem was that small images were displayed in the
top left corner of the screen instead of the center. It took
an extra week to have the film developed and printed, because the
processors took the trouble to manually move the all images into
the center of the print. Who'd have guessed?

And I maintain:

Some people do not want to enter into the light and the knowledge that
they alone are their own masters, because they fear it; they are too
afraid of having to face the world on their own terms.  And so, by
their own choice, they will remain in darkness, sort of like bugs
under a rock.  However, some people, but not many, will not like the
darkness.  Sometimes it gets too cold and too dark to be comfortable.
These people will crawl out from under the rock, and, although blinded
at first, will get accustomed to the light and enjoy its warmth.  And,
after a while, now that they can see things for what they really are,
they will also see the heights which they can reach, and the places
they can go, and they will learn to choose their own paths through the
world, and they will learn from their mistakes and revel in their
successes.

They will see that there is much much more to the world than just the
narrow experiences under the rock.  They will discover that life under
a rock was incredibly yucky, and that life on their own terms is great
-- so great that they will want to tell everyone else about it.

Do you see my point?  I think you're the one under the rock, and I'm
getting a great tan out here in the sunlight.  My life has improved
immesurably since I abandoned theism -- come and join me!  It will be
a difficult trip at first, until you build up your muscles for the
long hike, but it's well worth it!


Look, you just practically equated Odin and Zeus?  They're as much
different as your god is from them...

Don't you see?  I'm not going to accept ANYTHING that I can't witness
with my own eyes or experience with my own senses, especially not
something as mega-powerful as what you're trying to get me to accept.
Surely if you believe in it this strongly, you must have a good
*reason* to, don't you?


When did I say that?  I say that I would rather CEASE EXISTING instead
of being subject to the whims of a deity, but that if the deity
decided to toss me into the fiery pits because of who I am, then so be it.


Nope -- most people are Christian.  Most people are fond of feeling
that they are imperfect, of believing that the world is an undesirable
place, of reciting magical mystical prayers to make the world nice and
holy again, of doing just as their priests tell them, like good little
sheep.  You enjoy darkness, and you're proud of it.

You may know the Bible well -- but have you read any of the Koran?  Or
Zen writings?  Or Hare Krishna literature?  If you haven't, then how
can you say you have an open mind?


Nope.  You make decisions, enjoy your successes, and accept your
failures; then you die.  If you are content with the life you've led
as you reflect back on it in your final moments, then you've led a
good life.


Please do.


I'm sorry, I don't feel that sacrificing Jesus was something any god
I'd worship would do, unless the sacrifice was only temporary, in
which case it's not really all that important.

Forget the Bible for a minute.  Forget quoting verses, forget about
who said what about this or that.  *Show me.*  Picture just you and me
and a wide open hilltop, and convince me that you're right.


A brilliant algorithm.  *NOT*

Seriously - it's correct, up to a sign change.  The flaw is obvious, and
will therefore not be shown.

sorry about that.





Hmmm.  Here's food for thought:  " ...but rather be in fear of him
who can destroy both soul and body in gehenna."  Math 10:28
IMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM;
     :        T H E   W I T N E S S   &   P R O O F   O F        :
     :                                                           :
     :   J E S U S   C H R I S T ' S   R E S U R R E C T I O N   :
     :                                                           :
     :                 F R O M   T H E   D E A D                 :
     HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM<

* The WITNESS Of The LORD JESUS CHRIST:

Mark 8:31 And He began to teach them that the Son of Man must suffer
     many things and be rejected by the elders and the chief priests
     and the scribes, and be killed, and after three days rise again.
                                         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Mark 9:31 For He was teaching His disciples and telling them, "The Son
     of Man is to be delivered into the hands of men, and they will
     kill Him; and when He has been killed, He will rise three days
     later."                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
     ^^^^^
Mark 10:34 "And they will mock Him and spit upon Him, and scourge Him,
     and kill Him, and three days later He will rise again."
                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Mark 12:26 "But regarding the fact that the dead rise again, have you
     not read in the book of Moses, in the passage about the burning
     bush, how God spoke to him, saying, 'I am the God of Abraham, and
     the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob'?

Luke 18:33 and after they have scourged Him, they will kill Him; and
     the third day He will rise again. "
     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Luke 24:46 and He said to them, "Thus it is written, that the Christ
     should suffer and rise again from the dead the third day;^^^^^^
     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
John 11:25 Jesus said to her, "I am the resurrection and the life; he
     who believes in Me shall live even if he dies,

John 20:9 For as yet they did not understand the Scripture, that He
     must rise again from the dead.                              ^^
     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Acts 17:3 ...explaining and giving evidence that the Christ had to
     suffer and rise again from the dead, and saying, "This Jesus whom
     I am proclaiming to you is the Christ."

* The WITNESS Of The APOSTLE PAUL:  1 Corinthians 15:1-26

 1 Now I make known to you, brethren, the gospel which I preached to
   you, which also you received, in which also you stand,

 2 by which also you are saved, if you hold fast the word which I
   preached to you, unless you believed in vain.

 3 For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received,
   that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures,

 4 and that He was buried, and that He was raised on the third day
   according to the Scriptures,     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 5 and that He appeared to Cephas, then to the twelve.

 6 After that He appeared to more than five hundred brethren at one
   time, most of whom remain until now, but some have fallen asleep;

 7 then He appeared to James, then to all the apostles;

 8 and last of all, as it were to one untimely born, He appeared to me
   also.

 9 For I am the least of the apostles, who am not fit to be called an
   apostle, because I persecuted the church of God.

10 But by the grace of God I am what I am, and His grace toward me did
   not prove vain; but I labored even more than all of them, yet not I,
   but the grace of God with me.

11 Whether then it was I or they, so we preach and so you believed.

12 Now if Christ is preached, that He has been raised from the dead,
   how do some among you say that there is no resurrection of the dead?

13 But if there is no resurrection of the dead, not even Christ has
   been raised;

14 and if Christ has not been raised, then our preaching is vain, your
   faith also is vain.

15 Moreover we are even found to be false witnesses of God, because we
   witnessed against God that He raised Christ, whom He did not raise,
   if in fact the dead are not raised.

16 For if the dead are not raised, not even Christ has been raised;

17 and if Christ has not been raised, your faith is worthless; you are
   still in your sins.

18 Then those also who have fallen asleep in Christ have perished.

19 If we have hoped in Christ in this life only, we are of all men most
   to be pitied.

20 BUT NOW CHRIST HAS BEEN RAISED FROM THE DEAD, the first fruits of
   those who are asleep.

21 For since by a man came death, by a man also came the resurrection
   of the dead.

22 For as in Adam all die, so also in Christ all shall be made alive.

23 But each in his own order: Christ the first fruits, after that those
   who are Christ's at His coming,

24 then comes the end, when He delivers up the kingdom to the God and
   Father, when He has abolished all rule and all authority and power.

25 For He must reign until He has put all His enemies under His feet.

26 The last enemy that will be abolished is death.


             LOGICAL PROOFS OF JESUS CHRIST'S RESURRECTION

            1.  Jesus's enemies *would not* have stolen His
                body because that would have perpetrated the
                resurrection--the very opposite of what they
                desired.

            2.  Jesus' disciples *could not* have stolen His
                body because Pontius Pilate established guards
                to stand watch over the tomb lest His body be
                stolen.

            3.  Sadly (and ironically), many of Jesus' disciples
                did not believe in the Resurrection until Jesus
                had risen from the dead.

            4.  In nearly 20 centuries, no body has ever been
                produced to refute Jesus' assertion that He
                *would indeed* rise from the dead.
...

	Before or after his kids were shot?


	Then why make the comment?


	As did the Jews against the Nazis in WW II:  do what I say or die.



	ALl humans, I hope.


	Or perhaps they have:  kill first, blame the dead ones,
	destroy all the evidence.

I once read an article on  Computer technology  which stated that 
every new computer technology was actually lower and slower then what it
replaced.  Silicon was less  effective then the germanium  products
then available.   GaAs  was less capable then Silicon.  Multi-processors
were slower then  existent single processors.

What the argument was, though was that these new technologies promised either
theoretically future higher performance  or lower cost or higher densities.

I think that the DC-1  may g=fit into this same model.

ELV's can certainly launch more weight  then  a SSRT,  but 
an SSRT offers the prospect of  greater cycle times and  lower costs.

This is kind of a speculative posting,  but I thought i'd throw it out as
a hjistorical framework  for those interested in the project.


Contact:   WATCHMAN FELLOWSHIP
           P.O. Box 171194
           Holladay, UT 84117-1194


ames.arc.nasa.gov not sure what subdirectory thou..

==
Michael Adams, nsmca@acad3.alaska.edu -- I'm not high, just jacked
Walter-

I tried several times in the past to communicate with you and Susan, but
you ignored me, and I don't honestly believe my letters were mean.  Rather
I thought they were thoughtful and compassionate, but I see now what I should
have seen then.  Call me naive.

I give up on this group.  As my Lord advised, that if you are unwelcome in
a city then brush the dust of your feet and go on.

If anyone cares about the topic they write to me direct, if not, well,
may God bless you as well.
On the question, "Does God hear the prayers of sinners?" we need to
distinguish.

If we say that He never hears the prayers of any who have sinned, we
make pointless all prayers by anyone born less than 19 centuries
ago.

But if we consider the prayers of the impenitent sinner, of someone
who says, "Lord, I want you to do this for me, but don't expect me
to change my way of life," that is a different matter. Even here, I
would not venture to say that God never grants such petitions (just
as He sends sun and rain on the evil and on the good). However, if
someone we know well is praying to God in that spirit, we might have
the responsibility to say, "Remember, if God's help is real, then so
are His commands."
ETHER IMPLODES 2 EARTH CORE, IS GRAVITY!!!

  This paper BOTH describes how heavenly bodys can be stationary, 
ether sucking structures, AND why we observe "orbital" motion!!

  Ether, the theoretical propogation media of electro-magnetic 
waves, was concluded not to exist, based on the results of the 
Michelson-Moreley experiment conducted a century ago. 

  I propose that those conclusions are flawed, based on the fact 
that the experiment was designed to look for a flow parallel to the 
earth's surface, not perpindicular. (Due to the prevailing assumption 
that the earth traveled through the ether as a ball through the wind)

  The reversal of the that conclusion, a pivotal keystone in the 
development of modern scientific thought, could have ramifications 
of BIBLICAL proportions through out the WORLD!!

  REMEMBER: Einstien said Imagination is greater than knowledge!!

  
1
  I dream like this: ether based reality
 
  The ether is like a fluid out of phase with our reality. Creations 
start as a lattice placed into the ether. Given a spin, the lattices
both drag the fluid, like a margarita blender, and ingest it, 
converting it, distilling localized mass, time and energy. 
(non-spinning lattice = "dark matter")

  The earth isn't exactly spinning, around the sun. Picture an image 
of a galaxy; we haven't any videos of them spinning. Picture us 
being stationary, and the sun's image being dragged across the sky by 
the spinning ether field. (Picture an onion, each layer of which is 
spinning a little faster than the next. A thread shot at the inner 
kernel would be stretched diagonally sideways, its head being in a 
faster shell than its tail, until it finally intersected the ground 
of the inner kernel, its direction vector being straight down, but 
its "foot print" being a line, not a point. [sunrise, sunset])
  
  The moon isn't exactly orbiting us. It is a parasite, (non self 
spin sustaining ) being dragged in the earth's ether field, which is 
itself in the sun's much more powerful field. Our seasons are the 
wobble of earth's axis, like a top slowing down. The "orbit" of the
earth around the sun is all of the stars' images being dragged around
by the sun's ether feild.

  The earth, moon and sun are about the same size and "distance" 
apart. Its just that the time between them varies greatly, because 
the "path" is not the same. The moon's lattice in the ether is like 
sticking a fork in a plate of spaghetti and giving the plate a half 
turn. The sun's lattice has so much spin that its like the fork has 
got the whole plate of noodles wound up. The piece of light going to 
the moon can slide down the spaghetti and maybe make a "j" hook at 
the end. The piece of light going to the sun has to go around the 
whole plate, like a needle in a record, before it gets there. 

  With a pencil, compass, and rule, draw a diagram of how the moon 
can be about as big as "earth's" shadow upon it, and at other times 
totally eclipse the sun. Look in the sky. except for your Knowledge, 
would you guess that they are about the same size, just because they 
look about the same size?

   O .     - -                 E     O   O   O   S
 E       /     \            
    M    |      |      OR                M    
         \ _ _ /                         
       S                           
       
  The full moon, quarter moon etc. is the difference between rate
of ether spins. What we are looking at is a rotating "turntable view" 
of the moon, only half of which is facing the sun. ( I've seen a 
half moon within about 120 degrees (of sky) of the sun, during the 
day. Try and draw that "earth shadow.") Its only the moon's image 
which appears to orbit us. No matter where it is, the light part is 
the part facing the sun, and the dark part is the half facing away 
from the sun, even when it appears to be behind us.

  "Light-Years" between galaxies is a misnomer. The distance is 
closer to zero, as time and matter are characteristics of this phase 
of reality, which dissipates outward with each layer of the onion. 
(defining edge = 0 ether spin) What we are seeing could be 
essentially happening now. The "piece" of light may have experienced 
many years, but the trip could be very quick, our time.

  To time travel or warp space I might consider learning to 
de-spin myself. (phase out my mass) Good luck trying to design 
a propulsion system to drag around a space-time locality. (its like 
trying to move a balloon by shooting a squirt gun from within)

  To find out about all of this, I recommend studying history. I'd 
look in the book of life. (or holy grail etc.) Brain waves just 
might carry decipherable data. I'd start looking on some part of the 
spectra said to be unusable, due to all the background noise. (4+ 
billion humans?) I'd totally isolate myself, record me thinking DOG 
backwards, and learn to read what I got. (Microsoft Holy Grail card 
for Pentium!)

  Next, concluding that my thoughts were recorded on a non time-bound 
media, the ether, and that it is I who move forward (in time). I 
would try to temporarily locally reverse the flow, (of time, which 
I'd start looking for as flowing opposite magnetism, pole to pole. 
[Why not?]) perhaps by passing a LARGE, FLAT DC current through a 
two foot diameter. coil or choke or something, and seeing what I 
could get with my machine's receiver next to it.  

  If you don't think you'll live to see it, consider this: QUIT 
PUTTING THE REPRODUCTIVE KEYS OF OTHER LIFE IN YOUR BODY! All of 
life's data could be written on the wind, (ether) not just our 
thoughts. DNA could be a little receiver or file access code. By 
eating SEEDS, we could be jamming our reception, or receiving plant 
instructions. Try eating seed bearing fruit. Maybe those Greek or 
biblical guys did live hundreds of years. I'm curios to see what 
they did and ate. Don't worry if your hair stops growing. (Maybe we 
don't need to eat at all, the cosmos are formed from nothing, and 
that is creating matter! I only need enough to bounce around. Where 
did the household concept 'immortal' come from? Wheat is a weed, it 
is programmed to pull from the soil, reproduce like hell, and then 
die)

  Warning about writing to the past:
I had a little dream of being in a world, in the near parallel 
future, lying along a path of history which we have diverged from. 
There were; twelve telepathic, glowing beings, who looked like an 
Oscar award and who had always been, a dark one who looked like us, 
and then myself. The dark one was in the process of making the 
others into gods, (he had to teach them what that meant) by 
"advising" them in their past. Basically, he manipulated them into 
reproducing, and raising their children on his seed. He said that 
the little ones who looked different were a sub-species, meant to 
provide service. He carefully combed through history, rewriting it 
in his favor, pulling like a weed anything that compromised his 
control. He enticed recruits by sending them his visions, saying 
that there was immortality at the end of the road for only twelve 
souls: kill or be killed. The amount of control he could exert was 
finite, though, as at every change he made, a void would appear in 
our reality. The universe one day ended 100 meters from us: it 
seemed odd, but we couldn't remember how else it should be. Then 
some of the twelve were no more. Finally, when he could prune no 
more, and reality stopped just beyond his fingertips, he stepped 
through his portal to the past, to bask, over and over, in all that 
he had created. I made a few more changes, and lost my body, 
existing only on the wind. 

  MORAL: Its very possible to eliminate from your reality the souls 
whose will's are not in harmony with yours (Golden Rule - treat 
others as you wish to be treated) I.E., you could end up along a 
lonely thread of time with murderers or flowery brown-nosers for 
playmates. (its not eternal, there's more than one way back) 

 Accepting rides to the past:
Once here, the one who looks like us sells rides, he can make you a 
Prince, or a Queen, or you can live as a god in ancient Greece. Go 
ahead, repeat the third grade as often as you like, Adam henry. 
I Hope you like inspecting your socks. Careful though, if he likes 
your work, but thinks you're getting wise, he can direct you to cross 
paths with your old self, and you'll vanish as you rewrite your own 
course of history, none the wiser.

  As we pass the point along the parallel line where he stepped 
back in time, his hierarchy will lose its direction. He can still 
make changes while he's here, its just that that is work, and with 
every 'adjustment', this becomes less the world he cultivated, which 
loosens his grip, and his organization is suddenly one branch less. 
But he can't see the change. The basic nature of man is good. He had 
to apply his hand to achieve his world. As he now tightens his hand 
to retain what he built, the more sand slips through his fingers. 

  How about public computer access to the I.R.S. ? Its our country, 
our money, and they're spending it on us, RIGHT? Imagine this: 
Washington marks the next cost at 8, IRS collects 10, gives 5 to 
congress, and just absolutely buries 5. Congress borrows 2. The banks 
are making, what, a 30% margin (interest) on our government? Big 
corporations are ecstatic if they can do a 10% margin. What do the 
banks do with it? Hold some on a carrot to the world, sure, but 
mostly, bury it. WHY? Food production is 2% GNP?, construction 6% ? 14 
hours to build your auto?  The people are spending all of their time 
to buy back a tenth of what they produce. Have we been deceived? If 
we are more efficient, why is it getting harder to get by? What if 
the point is just to keep the people busy making widgets? 

  In that other reality, I shouted to the twelve, "its chaos!" They 
said, "no, its order." He defined chaos as that which is he was not 
able to control.

  Rain forest: The problem could be that all the water in its canopy 
would hide the  location of an indigenous people who have no 
language. (telepathic; and 'vanishing' the closest knowledge of death)
(think of the spine as a transceiver, if it is on the ground and 
pointed up, you can locate it from above) These people are probably 
naive as children, but very, very tough to kill. Also, They should 
be able to tell you stories about the dark one that I talk about. 
They can hear him. I think that Ham and world band radio old timers 
might have a story to tell on this. These people would be on a 
different frequency than us as they aren't eating seeds.

  Famine relief: When I make my diet almost all whole wheat, I get a 
huge belly, lose muscle mass, sleep A LOT, and get sick. When I eat 
only fresh fruit, I get more energy, a Hollywood-flat belly, and 
need a lot less sleep.

  UN. Peace Keeping; There is fighting and killing all over. The 
troops go in when there is no bread on the shelf. (its OK to kill 
each other, just make sure there is enough to eat.)

  Somalia: What is disturbing is energetic, gun carrying, three foot 
tall sixteen year-olds, who eat nothing but some roots that they 
suck on. It is not so much that their growth is stunted, it is that 
they aren't dying at a rate of 50 of 60 years per life. 

  Women with children, Babes in arms: Historical references to women 
and children as a single unit could mean that infants were not cut 
from the umbilical cord. (and hence, were not breast fed) I think 
that there may be some very interesting results to this, such as 
mother-child telepathy, and blue blooded infants. There are examples 
of this practice in the aquatic mammal kingdom to investigate.

  That guy is the master of illusion, and the ultimate liar. He 
tells it first, and then just follows the thread of time in which 
the people are willing to buy it. (in which he can make it so) He'll 
play a poker face up until he thinks he's cornered, and then he'll 
whine, beg and grovel. All it means to him is that you're willing to 
live on the ground work that he has laid, that is, that he was 
right, and he didn't over play his hand, and he won't need to go 
back and try another thread of time. You have ultimate control over 
your destiny, just don't live along a path that leads to a reality 
in which you don't want to be a part of. 

If Comet Shoemaker-Levy 1993e is in Jovian orbit, and if the comet
is still hanging around when Galileo arrives, then I'm sure it will
be added to the list of targets.  We'll have by then over two years
of Earth-based observations to help narrow down the positions of the
pieces of the comet. It probably won't be too much different than
what was done with Gaspra.


Galileo did not image Toutatis.  That came from Earth-based radar.
Can anyone tell me where to find a MPEG viewer (either DOS or
Windows).

Thanks in advance.

-- 
Alan M. Jackson      Mail : ajackson@cch.cov.ac.uk
Hi everybody,

Can anyone name an anonymous ftp-site where I can find the sources
of the PBM-PLUS package (portable bit/gray/pixel map).
I would like to compile and run it on a Sun Sparcstation.


What do you mean? Are you saying they thought the effort was
profitable or that the money was efficiently spent (providing max
value per money spent)?

I think they would answer yes on ballance to both questions. Exceptions
would be places like the US from the French Indian War to the end of
the US Revolution. 

But even after the colonies revolted or where given independance the
British engaged in very lucrative trading with the former colonies.
Five years after the American Revolution England was still the largest
US trading partner.

  Allen

The file and contents listings for:

Knowledge Media Resource Library: Graphics 1
Knowledge Media Resource Library: Audio 1

I don't think anyone really cares about the solid structure of his
sermon.  It's the deaths he's responsible for that concern most people.


You've made me curious.  What does this say about me?


Charles Manson used revelation as well.  Do we see a pattern here?
I wonder of Koresh liked the Beatles?

	[long list of Biblical references which
	 impressed me tremendously but were deleted
	 in the interests of common sense.]

Koresh was a nut, okay?  Just because he found ways for the Bible
to backup his rantings does not make him any less of a kook.


I'll type this very slowly so that you can understand.  He either set
the fire himself or told his followers to do so.  Don't make him out to
be a martyr.  He did not "get killed", he killed himself.


The evil was inside the compound.  All that "thou shalt not kill" stuff.

: In my mind, to say that science has its basis in values is a bit of a
: reach. Science has its basis in observable fact. 

I'd say that what one chooses to observe and how the observation is
interpreted and what significance it's given depends a great deal on
the values of the observer. Science is a human activity and as such,
is subject to the same potential for distortion as any other human
activity. The myth that scientists are above moral influence or
ethical concern, that their knowledge can be abstacted whole and pure
from nature untainted by the biases of the scientist, is nonsense.

Bill

: If one is to argue for objective values (in a moral sense) then one must
: first start by demonstrating that morality itself is objective. Considering
: the meaning of the word "objective" I doubt that this will ever happen.

: So, back to the original question:

: And objective morality is.....?

This may be an unfortunate choice of words, almost self-contradictory.
Objective in the sense used here means something immutable and
absolute while morality describes the behavior of some group of
people. The first term is all inclusive, the second is specific. The
concept supposedly described may have meaning however. 
If there is a God as described by the Christians (for instance), then
He has existence apart from and independent of humankind; His
existence is outside of our frame of reference (reality). If this
being declares a thing to be so, it is -necessarily- so since He has
defined Himself as omnipotent and, if His claims are to be believed,
He is at least omnipotent relative to us. God is intrinsically
self-defined and all reality is whatever He says it is - in an
objective sense.
If God determines a standard of conduct, that standard is objective.
If human beings are held accountable for their conformance to that
standard while permitted to ignore it, they substitute a relative
morality or mode of conduct, giving the term morality a nebulous,
meaningless sense that can be argued about by those pretending to
misunderstand. The standard is objective and the conduct required to
meet that standard is therefore objectively determined.
Just because it is convenient to pretend that the term morality is
infinitely malleable, doesn't mean that the objective standard itself
doesn't exist. Morality has come to mean little more than a cultural
norm, or the preferred conduct of "decent" people, making it seem
subjective, but it is derived from an absolute, objective, standard.
Ironically, this objective standard is in perfect accord with our true
nature (according to Christianity at least), yet is condemned as being
contrary to human nre, oppressive and severe. This may be due as
What  evidence  indicates that Gamma Ray bursters are very far away?

Given the enormous  power,  i was just wondering,  what if they are
quantum  black holes or something  like that  fairly close by?

Why would they have to be at  galactic ranges?   

my own pet theory is that it's  Flying saucers  entering
hyperspace :-)

but the reason i am asking is that most everyone assumes  that they
are  colliding nuetron stars  or  spinning black holes,  i just wondered
if any mechanism could exist  and place them  closer in.



  >[I'm sort of mystified about how a Christian might respond to this.]

  I'll start with a parable.
 
  A Christian woman hires a carpenter to build her a birdhouse.  When he comes
over, they begin talking about religion.  "So you believe that you understand
God?" he asks.  "Yes, I do," she replies.  "Then have him build you the 
birdhouse."

Replace "Stephen" with "David Joslin," since you directed the same
    In t.r.m. Robert Weiss writes [a promise from Psalm 9:10]
    Gee, since you wouldn't be at all hypocritical, you must be really
    busy arguing against these out-of-context extracted translations!

As you may recall, you mailed me six mail messages quoting articles by
Robert Weiss, all sent within a few minutes of each other.  You added:
    Naturally, I await your arguments against this out-of-context
    translation.  But I shall not await holding my breath...
and
    Wonder when you get to sleep, disputing all these out-of-context
    extracted translations!
and other similar comments. 

Perhaps you could explain why you ever thought that I might have a
reason to read all of these articles you pulled off of t.r.m, much
less write responses to them?  



I am familiar with inductive logic.  Go ahead and give me the details
of the "logic" that led you to conclude, incorrectly, that I would
condone Robert Weiss taking verses out of context.  Your conclusion was
wrong, of course, since I agree that both you and Robert Weiss were
guity of taking verses out of context.  Nothing hypocritical about
that, is there?  

Since you reached a false conclusion, you made some mistake in your
"logic."  The only question is where.  Did you think that it would
be hypocritical for me not to post a reply to Robert Weiss' articles?
Did you make the common creationist error of confusing a lack of
evidence for X with evidence for the lack of X?   Is your grasp of
inductive logic not quite as firm as you think? See if you can figure
out what your mistake was, and learn from it.
S P H E R I C A L   D E S I G N I N G
Heres a story of a Saint that people might like to read. I got it from
a The Morning Star, and am posting it with the permission of the
editor.


    Saint Aloysius Gonzaga

    The Patron of Youth


    The marquis Gonzaga had high aspirations for his son, the  Prince
    Gonzage.  He  wanted  him  to become a famous, brave and honoured
    soldier. After all, he must carry on the  great  family  name  of
    Gonzaga.  Of  course, he was to become far more famous, brave and
    honoured than his father could ever have imagined; though not  in
    the manner expected.

    Saint Aloysius' mother was a woman who received immense joy  from
    praying  to  God  and  meditating on the divine mysteries and the
    life of Our Lord. She had little time for the pleasures  of  this
    life.  As  Saint  Aloysius	grew, he began to resemble his mother
    more than his father.

    Saint Aloysius had learned numerous expressions from his father's
    soldiers,  but the moment he discovered that they were vulgar, he
    fainted from shock. This shows his immense hatred of sin (What an
    example for us of the contempt we must have for sin).

    About the time of his First Holy  Communion  (which  he  received
    from  the  Archbishop  of  Milan,  Charles Borromeo, whom himself
    became a great Saint), he con-secrated  his  purity  to  God  and
    asked the Blessed Virgin to protect his innocence for life.

    He wanted to share Our Lord's suffering to	show  his  reciprocal
    love.  He  started by denying his passions; he avoided eating the
    finest foods, wearing the best clothes, and would put  pieces  of
    wood  in his bed in order to mortify himself for the love of God.
    While he was in his early teens his  father  sent  him  (and  his
    younger  brother)  to  the court of the Spanish King, Phillip 11.
    Obediently, he set out to make the best of it. He mixed  in  well
    with  the people of the royal court, for he was handsome, polite,
    intelligent and always had something interesting to say.


    Not long before this time, the great soldier-saint,  Saint	Igna-
    tius  of  Loyola,  had founded the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits)
    towards which Saint Aloysius


				  -12-







    began to have a yearning. When he finally told  his  father,  the
    marquis flew into a rage and forbade his son to become a priest.

    After a short time, his father sent him to the  great  cities  in
    order that he be tempted away from the priesthood, but even

    through these trials, Saint Aloysius grew in his desire  for  the
    religious life and was strengthened in the virtue of purity.

    The Marquis' plans were obviously failing, so he con-fronted  his
    son:  "Will  you or will you not obey me and forget this foolish-
    ness?" "I will not, father," was the  in-evitable  reply.	"Then
    leave from my sight and don't return until you change your mind!"
    With tears clouding his eyes, the Saint left the  room  to	pray:
    "Tell  me Lord, what am I to do? Tell me! Tell me!" He knelt down
    to flagellate himself as he had done several  times  before,  but
    this  time	he was seen. The onlooker rushed to the marquis. This
    at last brought the proud man to his senses. "The Lord wants him,
    the Lord can have him." He gave his consent for his son to become
    a Jesuit.

    After some years (at the end of the sixteenth century), a  terri-
    ble  epidemic  broke out in Rome. All the hospitals were full and
    could house no more, so the Jesuits opened their own. Saint Aloy-
    sius  did  all he could in the hospitals, particularly to prepare
    the dying for a holy death.

    Saint Aloysius himself contracted the plague  from	carrying  and
    nursing  the  sick.  For three months he lay with a burning fever
    and finally, on June 21st, 1591, he gave his  soul	to  the  Lord
    while gazing at a crucifix.

    Let us invoke Saint Aloysius as our patron and imitate him in his
    humility, purity and confidence in prayer.

    Saint Aloysius Gonzaga, pray for us.

    - Brendan Arthur






    Prayer is as necessary to a person consecrated to the service  of
    others as a sword is to a soldier

God Bless

From Simon
Lines:  106
Hi Xian Netters,  God bless you

CONTENTS
1. intro
2. love your neighbor
3. reaction to posts
   a. purpose
   b. eternal life

I've been reading this news group religiously =) for about a month. 
Sometimes It really gives me what I need, spiritually.  At other times I
get a little IRATE.  

There are all kinds of people in every group and I take offense at
intolerance.  It's awfully hard to tolerate such people. =) ( OOPS! I've
gone over my smiley quota already and it's only the second paragraph =(. 
IMHO they should follow the commandment to love thy neighbor and leave
the judging up to GOD.  

SPECIFICALLY:
one's sexual orientation is part of one's self
love the sinner hate the sin DOES NOT APPLY

Pay attention fundaligionists.  Love your neighbor wether you like it
or not.  I'd be happy to get flamed endlessly and loose scripture
quotation contests galore to defend this point.  I beleive this is
correct. 

BTW Love the sinner hate the sin is a slippery slope, with hatred at the
bottom. 


INCREDIBLY CHOPPED UP POST
I won't even try to tell you where the deletions came out



I find that I am dissatisfied with the little purposes that we can
manufacture for ourselves.  Little in the cosmic sense.  Even the
greatest of the great pharos are long gone, the pyramids historical
oddities being worn down by the wind, eventually to be turned into dust.
Mankind itself will one day perish.  Without some interconnectedness
that transcends the physical, without God, it is all pointless in the
end.  Most people are able to live with that, and for them little
purposes (success, money, power, effecting change, helping others)
suffice.  I suppose they never  think about the cosmic scale, or are at
least able to put it out of their minds.

To me, it is comforting to know that reality is an illusion.  That the
true reality underneath the the physical is spirit.  That this world is
a school of sorts, where we learn and grow, and our souls mature.  That
gives a purpose to my little purposes, and takes some of the pressure
off.  It's not so necessary to make this life a success in human terms
if you're really just here to learn.  It's more important to progress,
grow, persist, to learn to love yourself and others and to express your
love, especially when it's dificult to do so.  Honest effort is rewarded
by God, he knows our limitations.



Interesting theological question.  I have a feeling that most common
perception of eternal life is WAY off base.  If I were to be imprisoned
in the limited ego/mind I am in now I doubt I would choose imortality. 
It would get awfully boring.  

TWO SERIOUS QUESTIONS/INVITATIONS TO DISCUSSION
1. What is the nature of eternal life?
2. How can we as mortals locked into space time conceive of it?
Hi there!...
		Well, i have a 386/40 with SVGA 1Mb. (OAK chip 077) and i don't
		have VESA TSR program for this card. I need it . 
			Please... if anybody can help me, mail me at:
			lulagos@araucaria.cec.uchile.cl


Well, it's been a while since this was discussed so i take the liberty of
reprinting (without permission, so sue me) Eric Haines reprint of the very
interesting discussion of this topic...

                /Jonas

                         O /         \ O
------------------------- X snip snip X ------------------------------
                         O \         / O

"Give a man a fish, and he'll eat one day.
Give a man a fishing rod, and he'll laze around fishing and never do anything."

With that in mind, I reprint (without permission, so sue me) relevant
information posted some years ago on this very problem.  Note the early use of
PostScript technology, predating many of this year's papers listed in the
April 1st SIGGRAPH Program Announcement posted here a few days ago.

-- Eric


Intersection Between a Line and a Polygon (UNDECIDABLE??),
	by Dave Baraff, Tom Duff

	From: deb@charisma.graphics.cornell.edu
	Newsgroups: comp.graphics
	Keywords: P, NP, Jordan curve separation, Ursyhon Metrization Theorem
	Organization: Program of Computer Graphics


I think that this is a very difficult problem.  To start with, lines and
polygons are semi-algebraic sets which both contain uncountable number of
points.  Here are a few off-the-cuff ideas.

First, we need to check if the line and the polygon are separated.  Now, the
Jordan curve separation theorem says that the polygon divides the plane into
exactly two open (and thus non-compact) regions.  Thus, the line lies
completely inside the polygon, the line lies completely outside the polygon,
or possibly (but this will rarely happen) the line intersects the polyon.

Now, the phrasing of this question says "if a line intersects a polygon", so
this is a decision problem.  One possibility (the decision model approach) is
to reduce the question to some other (well known) problem Q, and then try to
solve Q.  An answer to Q gives an answer to the original decision problem.

In recent years, many geometric problems have been successfully modeled in a
new language called PostScript.  (See "PostScript Language", by Adobe Systems
Incorporated, ISBN # 0-201-10179-3, co. 1985).

So, given a line L and a polygon P, we can write a PostScript program that
draws the line L and the polygon P, and then "outputs" the answer.  By
"output", we mean the program executes a command called "showpage", which
actually prints a page of paper containing the line and the polygon.  A quick
examination of the paper provides an answer to the reduced problem Q, and thus
the original problem.

There are two small problems with this approach. 

	(1) There is an infinite number of ways to encode L and P into the
	reduced problem Q.  So, we will be forced to invoke the Axiom of
	Choice (or equivalently, Zorn's Lemma).  But the use of the Axiom of
	Choice is not regarded in a very serious light these days.

	(2) More importantly, the question arises as to whether or not the
	PostScript program Q will actually output a piece of paper; or in
	other words, will it halt?

	Now, PostScript is expressive enough to encode everything that a
	Turing Machine might do; thus the halting problem (for PostScript) is
	undecidable.  It is quite possible that the original problem will turn
	out to be undecidable.


I won't even begin to go into other difficulties, such as aliasing, finite
precision and running out of ink, paper or both.

A couple of references might be:

1. Principia Mathematica.  Newton, I.  Cambridge University Press, Cambridge,
   England.  (Sorry, I don't have an ISBN# for this).

2. An Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation.  Hopcroft, J
   and Ulman, J.

3. The C Programming Language. Kernighan, B and Ritchie, D.

4. A Tale of Two Cities. Dickens, C.

--------

From: td@alice.UUCP (Tom Duff)
Summary: Overkill.
Organization: AT&T Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill NJ

The situation is not nearly as bleak as Baraff suggests (he should know
better, he's hung around The Labs for long enough).  By the well known
Dobbin-Dullman reduction (see J. Dullman & D. Dobbin, J. Comp. Obfusc.
37,ii:  pp. 33-947, lemma 17(a)) line-polygon intersection can be reduced to
Hamiltonian Circuit, without(!) the use of Grobner bases, so LPI (to coin an
acronym) is probably only NP-complete.  Besides, Turing-completeness will no
longer be a problem once our Cray-3 is delivered, since it will be able to
complete an infinite loop in 4 milliseconds (with scatter-gather.)

--------

From: deb@svax.cs.cornell.edu (David Baraff)

Well, sure its no worse than NP-complete, but that's ONLY if you restrict
yourself to the case where the line satisfies a Lipschitz condition on its
second derivative.  (I think there's an '89 SIGGRAPH paper from Caltech that
deals with this).

--

Also photoshopII is out soon, has anyone got a date and any cofmments?
Andy

        _______________________________________________________
        | Andrew Leahy | aleahy@cch.coventry.ac.uk | Odd FROG |
        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Can anyone tell me where I might find stereo images of planetary and
planetary satellite surfaces?  GIFs preferred, but any will do.  I'm
especially interested in stereos of the surfaces of Phobos, Deimos, Mars
and the Moon (in that order).
  Thanks. 


You probably need an X server running on top of MS DOS.  I use Desqview/X
but any MS-DOS X server should do.

-- 
Why use a ground launch pad. It is entirely posible to launch from altitude.
This was what the Shuttle was originally intended to do! It might be seriously
cheaper. 

Also, what about bio-engineered CO2 absorbing plants instead of many LOX bottles?
Stick 'em in a lunar cave and put an airlock on the door.



I don't think so at first,  but solid state offered  better reliabity,
id bet,  and any lower costs would be only after the processes really scaled up.
Forwarded from John Spencer (spencer@lowell.edu):

There will be two eclipses of Iapetus by Saturn and its
rings, in May and July.  Please spread the word!  Here's some
information about the events, and then a couple of messages from Jay
Goguen of JPL appealing for thermal observations of the eclipse to
learn more about the thermal properties of Iapetus.  He might also have
some money available...

John Spencer, 1993/04/21

Iapetus will be eclipsed by the shadows of Saturn's rings and Saturn
itself on 1993/05/01-02 (18:27-13:43 UT) and again on 1993/07/20-21,
(21:16-09:38 UT).  Timing is as follows;

     1993 May 1-2

        A-ring ingress  18:27
               egress   19:30
        B-ring ingress  19:51
               egress   21:42
        C-ring egress   23:00
        Saturn ingress  23:59
               egress   10:02
        B-ring ingress  10:28
               egress   12:19
        A-ring ingress  12:40
               egress   13:43

     1993 July 20-21

        Saturn ingress  21:16
               egress   05:08
        A-ring ingress  05:13  (grazing)
               egress   09:38

Times could be 30 minutes later according to an alternate ephemeris,
and photometric observations are important for refining Iapetus'
orbit.  Because the Sun's size projected on the rings as seen from
Iapetus is 3100 km it's unlikely that we will learn anything new about
the rings themselves from the observations.  See Soma (1992), Astronomy
and Astrophysics 265, L21-L24 for more details.  Thanks to Andy Odell
of Northern Arizona University for bringing the events to my
attention.

THERMAL OBSERVATIONS?


  To me, the interesting thing to do would be thermal IR of the 20 July
  disappearance into the shadow of the planet to measure thermal inertia,
  etc.  Unfortunately, the 21:30 UT of this event renders it inaccessible,
  except from Russia.  Even from Calar Alto, Saturn is rising through 3
  airmasses at 23:00 UT.  Do you know anyone in Russia or Ukraine with
  a big telescope and 10 um instrumentation that's looking for something
  to do?  I'd be willing to make a personal grant of >$100 for the data.

  Jay

and again:

  please try to encourage anyone that can observe the iapetus planet
  disappearance to do so at thermal wavelengths.  My impression would
  be that it's not an easy observation.  Iapetus will be faint and
  getting fainter in eclipse, so you'll need a big telescope that's a
  good IR telescope and reasonable 10 - 20 um instrumentation.  I don't
  think that combination is widely available at the longitudes that are
  well placed for observation.  We need SOFIA for this one.  One
  possibility would be the IR telescope in India, but it's only a 1.2 m.

jay
First, I thank collectively all people who have given good answers
to my questions. In my follow-up to Jason Smith's posting, I will
address some issues that have caused misunderstanding:




Yes, to some degree. There was an excellent discussion in sci.skeptic
on the nature of scientific work two weeks ago, I hope it did not
escape your notice. 

The correct word is 'likely'. There is no way to be sure our models and
theories are absolutely correct. Theories are backed up by evidence,
but not proved - no theory can be 'true' in a mathematical sense.

However, theories are not mere descriptions or rationalisations of
phenomena. It is extremely important to test whether theories can
_predict_ something new or not yet observed. All successful theories
science has come up with have passed this test, including the Big
Bang theory of cosmic evolution, the theory of natural selection etc.
It does not mean they _must_ be correct, but they are not mere
'best fits' for the data. 



Well, yes, if you want to _believe_ in them. This is not what science
requires - take a good look at the theory and the evidence, see if
the theory has made any successful predictions, and use your reason.
Disbelievers are not punished. 


This is what puzzles me - why do we need to have faith in _anything_?
My fellow atheists would call me a weak atheist - someone who is
unable to believe, ie, fails to entertain any belief in God. 

Yes, I know that one can't believe without God's help; Luther makes
this quite clear in his letter to Erasmus. I'm afraid this does not
change my situation. 




(deletions)



No, it is not, although it does look like one. This is a true dichotomy,
either something exists, or nothing exists. If nothing exists, nobody
would ask why. If something exists, it is possible to ask why, but
actually no existing being could give an answer. 

Imagine, for a moment, that the nobodies in non-existence could also
ask: "Why nothing exists?" This is equivalent to my counter-question,
"why nothing exists in nothingness". 

Now, "why anything exists" is equivalent to "why something exists in
somethingness".  _This_ is what I meant with my tautology, my apologies
for the poor wording in my previous post.


I do indeed think there probably _is_ no reason for being, or existence,
in general, for reasons I stated above. However, they will still
leave open the question "why this, and not that", and this is where
theistic explanations come in.

Science cannot give reasons for any _particular_ human being's existence.


This is a deep philosophical question - is determinism true, or not?
Also, is God deterministic or not? I tend to think this question has
no meaning in His case. 

If I am for a reason, I've yet failed to see what it would be. 
From our perspective, it looks like 'I' exist for truly random
reasons. I just rolled two dice - why did I get 6 and 1? How can
I believe there is any better reason for my existence?


Yes, I am satisfied with this reason, until I find something better.
My 15 years of Christianity were of no help in this respect, I have
to admit, but I am patient.



No, it doesn't, but I think an existing God cannot know why He exists,
for an answer to this question is not knowable. Of course, this
should not be any obstacle to belief in His existence.


It is impossible to know unknowable things. However, the question 
"why do I exist, in particular" is _not_ an invalid question - this
is not what I said. But from our perspective, it is impossible to
tell, and I can't just believe in any given explanation instead of
another, especially since I found I was deluding myself. 


I think "pre-existence" is an oxymoron. There is no time 'outside' of
this spacetime (except in some other universe), and from that 
perspective, our universe never was. It exists only for those who
are inside it. 


No. The validity of the question has to be discussed separately; I think
philosophy is of great help here. What can be known, and what is not
knowable?


This is a very good question. In trying to answer this, and numerous
other questions that bothered me, I finally found nothing to base
my faith on. 

I think it would be honest if we all asked ourselves, "why do I believe"
or "why I don't believe". 

Petri

The supersonic booms hear a few months ago over I belive San Fran, heading east
of what I heard, some new super speed Mach 25 aircraft?? What military based
int he direction of flight are there that could handle a Mach 25aircraft on its
landing decent?? Odd question??
The following press release was distributed April 1 by
NASA Headquarters.

Space Station Redesign Advisory Members Named

Along with Dr. Charles M. Vest, recently named by Vice President
Albert Gore to head the advisory committee on the redesign of the
Space Station, NASA has announced the names of representatives
from government and industry and academic experts from across the
country to participate in an independent review of the redesign
options being developed by NASA.

"I am extremely honored to have been selected to lead this
important review panel. America's future in science and
technology and as a world leader in space demands our utmost
attention and care," said Vest. "We have assembled a diverse
panel of experts that, I believe, will bring the appropriate
measures of insight, integrity and objectivity to this critical
task."

The advisory committee is charged with independently assessing
various redesign options of the space station presented by NASA's
redesign team, and proposing recommendations to improve
efficiency and effectiveness of the space station program. Space
station international partners also are being asked to 
participate and will be named at a later date. The advisory
committee will submit its recommendations in June.

Advisory committee members named today include:

Dr. Charles Vest              Dr. Bobby Alford
President, MIT                Executive VP & Dean of Medicine
                              Baylor College of Medicine

Mr. Jay Chabrow               Dr. Paul Chu
President, JMR Associates     Director, Texas Center for
                              Superconductivity
                              University of Houston

Dr. Ed Crawley                Dr. John Fabian
Prof of Aero & Astro          President & CEO
MIT                           ANSER

Maj. Gen. James Fain          Dr. Edward Fort
Deputy Chief of Staff for     Chancellor
Requirements; Headquarters    North Carolina AT&T
USAF Materials Command        State University

Dr. Mary Good                 Mr. Frederick Hauck
Senior VP of Technology       President, International Technical
Allied Signal, Inc.           Underwriters

Dr. Lou Lanzerotti            Mr. William Lilly
Chair, Space Sciences         National Academy of Public
Board, National Research      Administration
Council

Mr. Duane McRuer              Dr. Brad Parkinson
President Systems Technology  Prof of Astro & Aero
                              Stanford University

Dr. Robert Seamans            Dr. Lee Silver
Former NASA Deputy Admin.     W.M. Keck Foundation Professor
                              for Resource Geology
                              California Institute of
                              Technology

Not quite correct.  Biblical teaching expects us to celebrate the
resurrection of Christ not once a year but every time someone is baptized.
 Col. 2:12-Buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him
through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the
dead."  Rom. 6:4-Therefore we are buried with him in baptism into death:
that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the
Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life."
Those really want to celebrate the resurrection should by faith walk in
newness of life after baptism.  It is not necessary to celebrate a pagan
goddess in the process.

Paul answered your question in Romans 9.  In v. 4 he stated that the
adoption, the glory, the covenants, the giving of the law, the service of
God, and the promises were given to the Israelites.  It is a package deal.
 He goes on to identify those who are true Israelites.  Vs 6-8 makes it
plain that the true Israelites are not those who are born that way but
those who accept the promise of God.  Paul continued to emphasize that he
was an Israelite in 2 Cor. 11:22, then in Gal 3:29 he says that all those
who belong to Christ are Abraham's seed, and heirs to all the promises
given to the Israelites.  The promises come with the law.  It is all or
nothing.  Why is it that you only want to discard one part of the law? 
Certainly you would want your husband to be faithful to you.  Or do you
believe that adultery is no longer forbidden?  Same law.

BTW  please give a reference for your statement that the Gentiles are only
required to observe the basis commandmants.  Could you list those
please.  Acts 15 deals with circumcision and the law of Moses which was
added because of transgression of God's eternal law (Gal 3:19; Rom 4:15)


Exactly. Some of the SPACE:1999 effects remain first-rate even today. 
 

Later on, the Andersons tried to shed their reputation as creators of some
of the worst pseudo-scientific shows in TV history by flying "Into Infinity."
This was a one-off thing done as part of BBC's "educational SF" series "The
Day After Tomorrow." The Anderson episode dealt with a spaceship capable of
reaching the speed of light ("lightship Altares"), the four-man crew eventually 
journeyed into a black hole and ended up on the far side of the galaxy (I
think). I saw this as a 9-year-old back in 1976 and liked it very much, but
then again I was a fan of SPACE:1999 so I guess I was easily satisfied in those
days:-)
---
Does anyone know if "Into Infinity" has been released on video? I have some
SPACE:1999 shows on VHS and know that Thunderbirds etc. also are available in
England.

the classic references in this area are Jacques Ellul for a
liberal/evangelical perspective and Os Guiness for a straight
evangelical view.  If you want to look at non-christian sources
try Alvin Toffler as the perennial optimist.  His views while
blatently non christian explore where technology may be going.


This is regardless of technology.  Be careful to separate the issues of
related to speed and dispersion of technology (how far the letter
went and how quickly it got there) and the message being passed in the
technology (something that seems to be totally wrong.)


When lecturing in this area I challenge my (non-christan/atheistic) class
about the impact technology has on life, quality of life and the rights
that they consider important.  Depending on how you work out your
faith will determine your response to the use of technology.  For example
friends of mine are considering IVF due to a life threatening situation the
wife is going through; when it is over they will have the baby. (God
willing).  In this case the technology is available and my friends have to
decide what to do.  In all cases though you must decide if the technology
is against God's revealed word.

Regards
 David
[...lots of stuff about intellectual errors deleted...]

This is cute, but I see no statement telling me why your church is the true 
church. I do presume that you know or at least believe that yours is true. 
Attempting to ream my faith without replacing it with something "better" is 
a real good way to loose a person completely from Christ.

This is the greatest reason I see that these attacks are not motivated by 
love. They only seek to destroy there is no building or replacing of belief. 
This is not something Christ did. He guided and instructed He didn't 
seek to destroy the faith He found, He redirected it. 

This is what I see when people say they "love" <insert favorite group here>. 
And I have to laugh at the irony. 
    Help!! I need code/package/whatever to take 3-D data and turn it into
a wireframe surface with hidden lines removed. I'm using a DOS machine, and
the code can be in ANSI C or C++, ANSI Fortran or Basic. The data I'm using
forms a rectangular grid.
   Please post your replies to the net so that others may benefit. IMHO, this
is a general interest question.
   Thank you!!!!!!

AW&ST  had a brief blurb on a Manned Lunar Exploration confernce
May 7th  at Crystal City Virginia, under the auspices of AIAA.

Does anyone know more about this?  How much, to attend????

Anyone want to go?
Hello,

  I have seen two common threads running through postings by atheists on the 
newsgroup, and I think that they can be used to explain each other.  
Unfortunately I don't have direct quotes handy...

1) Atheists believe that when they die, they die forever.

2) A god who would condemn those who fail to believe in him to eternal death
   is unfair.

  I don't see what the problem is!  To Christians, Hell is, by definition, 
eternal death--exactly what atheists are expecting when they die.  There's no
reason Hell has to be especially awful--to most people, eternal death is bad
enough.
  Literal interpreters of the Bible will have a problem with this view, since
the Bible talks about the fires of Hell and such.  Personally, I don't think
that people in Hell will be thrust into flame any more than I expect to Jesus
with a double-edged sword issuing from his mouth--I treat both these statements
as metaphorical.

Or just stick 'em on sci.space.news every 28-30 days? 


From: Gene Wright <gene@theporch.raider.net>



I'll say!  Imagine that there were a couple groups up there, maybe landing
a few weeks apart.  The year-mark starts coming on for the first group.
Isn't a billion pretty good incentive to take a shot at a potential
winner?  "Yeah, that's a shame that Team A's life support gave out
so close to the deadline.  Thanks for the billion."

On the other hand, if Apollo cost ~25billion, for a few days or weeks
in space, in 1970 dollars, then won't the reward have to be a lot more
than only 1 billion to get any takers?

-Tommy Mac
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tom McWilliams 517-355-2178 wk   \\ As the radius of vision increases,
18084tm@ibm.cl.msu.edu 336-9591 hm \\ the circumference of mystery grows.
I just about closed this once before.  I'm now doing so for real, after
tonight's posting.


Ah, there's the rub.  And a catch-22 to boot.  For the purposes of a
contest, you'll probably not compete if'n you can't afford the ride to get
there.  And although lower priced delivery systems might be doable, without
demand its doubtful that anyone will develop a new system.  Course, if a
low priced system existed, there might be demand...  

I wonder if there might be some way of structuring a contest to encourage
low cost payload delivery systems.  The accounting methods would probably
be the hardest to work out.  For example, would you allow Rockwell to
'loan' you the engines?  And so forth...


This depends on the how soon the new launch system comes on line.  In other
words, perhaps a great deal of worthwhile technology (life support,
navigation, etc.) could be developed prior to a low cost launch system. 
You wouldn't want to use the expensive stuff forever, but I'd hate to see
folks waiting to do anything until a low cost Mac, oops, I mean launch
system comes on line.

I guess I'd simplify this to say that 'waste' is a slippery concept.  If
your goal is manned lunar exploration in the next 5 years, then perhaps its
not 'wasted' money.  If your goal is to explore the moon for under $500
million, then you should put of this exploration for a decade or so.

Craig


#In <mcclaryC5snpq.KB1@netcom.com> mcclary@netcom.com (Michael McClary)
#        Just thought I'd clear up a few of the murky areas...
#
#>Actually, after surviving being driven out of Nauvoo, and later Carthage,
#>the Mormons DID fortify Utah.  They still arm themselves to "defend the
#>faith", and stockpile food as well.  They have been involved in quite a
#>lot of illegal activity - including multiple (and often underage) wives
#>for the leaders - a practice still in vogue with some splinters of their
#>sect.  The parallels between Koresh and Joseph Smith are striking.
#                                         ^^^^^^^^^^^^

By "they," you mean the leaders of the lds church?  I grant you that when
Joseph Smith was still alive, plenty of "accusations" were filed, most of
which had little bearing with reality, as evidenced by various verdicts.
I have studied lds history for 15 years now, and I have yet to see prove
that the lds leadership was involved, in quote: "illegal activities."
Plural marriage, yes, but your charge of "underage" wives sounds like it
could have originated from a tabloid, and discredits the high moral
standards which characterized these leaders and families, unlike, as it
appears, those of David Koresh.

#        Joseph Smith started the sect.  After he and his brother Hyram
#were murdered in a Nauvoo, Il. jail cell, church membership split over
#who to follow.  Initially, Smith was considered a prophet (just like
#Mohammed, a rather interesting parallel considering Muslims consider
#Christ to be a prophet the same as Jews, I'm led to understand.  Make
#no mistake, this was no messiah we're talking about in Smith).  The

And neither did he claim he was.  As the church reflects the moral
aptitude of its leaders (and especially those of Joseph Smith), I have
nothing but the highest respect for this inspired man, whose only "crime"
was that he refused to deny that he had seen a vision...  Many have tried
to explain the "Smith phenomenon" away, but the bold presence of an 8.5
million member strong church stands as a witness that Joseph Smith's
testimony had enough resilience and power to carry on the message.

#thought at the time was that the gift of prophecy was to be handed
#down father to son.  After Joseph Smith died, his son was only
#entering his teens.  Brigham Young and a few others claimed to have
#been bequeathed the gift and leadership prior to his death.  The
#Council of Twelve, the Church governing body, wasn't of much help
#here, and this basic conflict is still a wedge between the sects.
#Brigham Young took his followers to Salt Lake.  The rest waited
#for Smith Jr. to grow up enough to assume leadership.  The other
#claimants to the leadership were soon ignored, like Mike Dukakis. ;-)

"The rest" were apostates and excommunicated members of the Church,
while the great majority of the membership, the Twelve, and the various
auxiliary organizations, chose to accept Brigham Young as the new
prophet and leader of the Church.  If you knew your lds scriptures and
doctrine, you would have known that Brigham Young was the FIRST in
line to fill the prophet Joseph Smith's vacancy: he was the senior
apostle in the Quorum, and various comments made by Joseph indicated
that it was Brigham who would lead the latter-day exodus to the West.

Other rightful "heirs" were either dead (Hyrum Smith) or excommunicated
(Oliver Cowdery), and while persecutions abounded and intensified,
Joseph Smith had already given orders to look for a new place, an empty
land beyond the boundaries of the United States (at that time).  This
"Rekhabite" principle (pseudographia) was well understood and antipated
by the great majority of lds faithful, and was not questioned by them.

Granted, a couple of "do-it-yourselfers" stayed behind, unwilling to
sacrifice and to undertake the perilous journey to the unknown, but
this also was necessary to separate the tares from the wheat.  The
church benefitted from this purification process: they became even
more unified and willing to carry out their mission to the world.

#        Both sects practiced the "1-year food stockpile" doctrine,
#and this being frontier and farming country most carried or at
#least owned weapons.  There is little evidence that they were a
#militaristic sect, given that they tended to move on rather than
#face large-scale opposition.  Brigham Young, having suffered a
#great deal getting to Salt Lake, seems to have been quite
#justified in making military training a good thing.  Remember,
#this was far beyond where even the US Army went, and these people
#had nobody to turn to save themselves.
#
#        Just a little context to put this all in perspective.

BTW, since when is the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (one of
the largest denominations in the country) a "sect"???  It didn't "splinter"
from any other religion, as did say, the Southern Baptists or Methodists.

#>So what did the Mormons get?  It seems that J. Edgar Hoover was very
#>impressed with the way they kept secrets.  (They're pledged to defend
#>secrets with their lives and atone for sin with blood.  Many actually
#>do - even to the point of suicide.)

What a balloney.  Suicide is sinful and against the law of God.  I am
not comfortable with this alleged "cosiness" with Mammon: I assure you
that *many* among us reject this attitude categorically.  Period.  Our
ONLY true allegiance is to our God and to the leaders which He has
appointed to represent Him.  In any regard, to read this TRASH (about
suicide and "atone for sins with blood") is yet another insulting
misrepresentation of what my church believes in and stands for...

#
#        The RLDS, the Reorganized LDS, are friendly rivals of the LDS
#and delight in telling stories about them, which generates quick retorts
#from the LDS members and everybody has a grand time.  At no time have
#I ever even heard this hinted at.  I'm taking it with a salt block.

Make it a really big salt mountain with a glacier on top.

#>  So he hired virtually no one but
#>Mormons, until the FBI was almost exclusively staffed by members of the
#>Church of Later Day Saints.  Though J. Edgar is finally gone, the FBI
#>personnel (especially the field agents) are still heavily Mormon.
#>I have often wondered how this might affect the FBI's treatment
#>of religious organizations a Mormon would consider heretical.

Preposterous.  Even if this were true (reliable data, please), I
am convinced that those officers would perform to the highest codes
of honor and conduct (that's why they were selected for in the
first place, remember?).  Besides, one of our Articles of Faith
STRONGLY states the principle of freedom of religion, and that all
people are free to worship "*how*, *where*, or *what* they may."

#        If it's true, there would be little affect.  LDS and RLDS
#philosophy is that all other religions have strayed from the true
#Church as set down by Jesus, but that God will judge each on his
#own merits.  In addition, the RLDS also contend (and the LDS may
#as well) that ignorance of the True Way (tm) is an excuse.  You
#can only be condemned if you had been tought the way and rejected
#it.  In short, LDS and RLDS suffer everybody from Lutherans to
#Buddhists, secure in the knowledge that though they are wrong they
#will not be penalized for ignorance.  It is more likely that Hoover
#liked them because of their rather strict upbringings which forbade
#alcohol, tobacco, hot drink (like coffee or tea), and the like.
#These people are the "salt of the Earth" and as such are more
#easily made to follow orders and have few vices to be used against them.

A good explanation, I can accept that.  You are right that lds people
are sometimes a little too cosy with Mammon's "orders" (the late
president Kimball, for example, was an exception with his strong
opposition of the selection of the MX "Peace Keeper" missile maze
in Utah).

#        That's my somewhat educated guess, anyway.  Both sects have
#splinter groups that don't mirror the masses, but these are small
#and rare, and hardly worth noting their common ancestry.
#
#        None of this has any relevance to guns, though.  When a
#man's religion is used to deny him the right of self-protection with
#the weapons suitable for the job, he'll find an ally in me.
#
#< Dan Sorenson, DoD #1066 z1dan@exnet.iastate.edu viking@iastate.edu >
#<  ISU only censors what I read, not what I say.  Don't blame them.  >
#<     USENET: Post to exotic, distant machines.  Meet exciting,      >
#<                 unusual people.  And flame them.                   >



My, this distinction seems quite arbitrary.

  Blessed is the man whose iniquities are forgiven, whose sin is covered.
  (Ps. 32:1).

and quoted by the apostle Paul:

  Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man, unto whom God
  imputeth righteousness without works,
  Saying, Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins
  are covered.
  Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.  (Rom. 4:6-8)

The biblical perspective seems to be that foregiveness and covering are
parallel/equivalent concepts in both testaments.  The dispensational
distinction is unwarranted.


I'm sure Rex has Scripture to back this up.  You're suggesting Jesus is
going to travel around dealing with individual violations of His law -- for
millions perhaps billions of people.  Such activity for Moses the lawgiver
was considered unwise (cf. Ex. 18:13ff).  It makes for interesting
speculation, though.

I'll leave comments on the so-called "bema seat" vs. "throne" judgments to
someone else.  This also seems like more unnecessary divisions ala
dispensationalism.


I apologize to the moderator, but the first quote was deleted and I
would like to respond to both.

As for the "goal we can never achieve", the reward comes from the
trying.  Paul makes a clear claim that we are to continue straining for
the prize over in Philippians 3:10-16.  Only by not living out the
commands do we stagnate and become lukewarm, to be spit out by Jesus.
As it says in 1 John 5:3:  "This is love for God:  to obey his comands."
That obedience is our straining to achieve for God.  Of course, this
requires work on our part.

As for the quote in James, Satan doesn't care what we believe.  What
matters is the results of our belief (works).  If one truly has faith in
what one believes, one will either act on that faith or be lying to
oneself about believing in the first place.  

Stan, as for your first line, you have a very good point.  Obedience by
obligation (grudgery) is not what God desires.  Instead, look at how
many times the Bible talks about being joyous in all situations and when
doing God's work.  Being begrudged by the work has no value.  Also, we
should do the work necessary whenever we can, not just when we feel
Jesus' presence.  Feelings can deceive us.  However, as Paul states to
Timothy in 2 Timothy 4:2:  "Preach the Word; be prepared in season and
out of season; correct, rebuke and encourage--with great patience and
careful instruction."  Also, remember that Paul tells Timothy in 1
Timothy 4:16:  "Watch your life and doctrine closely.  Persevere in
them, because if you do, you will save both yourself and your hearers."
So, in order to do the work necessary, we need to be sure that we are
correct first.  Remember Jesus' warning in Matthew 7:3-5 not to be
hypocritical about what we do.  The best way to accomplish this is to be
a disciple completely in both thought and deed.  
What hardware do plan to run on?  Workstation or PC?  Cost level?
Run-time licensing needs?

Bob
RADIOSITY SOURCES WANTED !!!
============================

When I read the comp.graphics group, I never found something about 
radiosity. Is there anybody interested in out there? I would be glad 
to hear from somebody.
I am looking for source-code for the radiosity-method. I have already
read common literature, e. g.Foley ... . I think little examples could 
help me to understand how radiosity works. Common languages ( C, C++, 
Pascal) prefered.
I hope you will help me!
Could someone please send me the basics of the NASP project:
1. The proposal/objectives
2. The current status of the project/obstacles encountered
3. Chance that the project shall ever be completed
or any other interesting information about this project.

Any help will be much appreciated

An review of both the Mac and Windows versions in either PC Week or Info
World this week, said that the Windows version was considerably slower
than the Mac.  A more useful comparison would have been between PhotoStyler
and PhotoShop for Windows.  David


: 
: Where could I find a description of the JPG file format?  Specifically
: I need to know where in a JPG file I can find the height and width of 
: the image, and perhaps even the number of colors being used.
: 
: Any suggestions?
: 
: Peter

Try ftp.uu.net, in /graphics/jpeg.
--
Forwarded from Neal Ausman, Galileo Mission Director

                                GALILEO
                     MISSION DIRECTOR STATUS REPORT
                             POST-LAUNCH
                         April 9 - 15, 1993

SPACECRAFT

1.  On April 9, real-time commands were sent, as planned, to reacquire
celestial reference after completion of the Low Gain Antenna (LGA-2)
swing/Dual Drive Actuator (DDA) hammer activities.

2.  On April 9, the EJ-1 (Earth-Jupiter #1) sequence memory load was uplinked
to the spacecraft without incident.  This sequence covers spacecraft activity
from April 12, 1993 to June 14, 1993 and includes a window for the Radio Relay
Antenna (RRA) slew test on April 28, 1993.  The command loss timer was set to
11 days as a part of this sequence memory load.

3.  On April 12 and 15, a NO-OP command was sent to reset the command loss
timer to 264 hours, its planned value during this mission phase.

4.  On April 12, cruise science Memory Readouts (MROs) were performed for the
Extreme Ultraviolet Spectrometer (EUV), Dust Detector (DDS), and Magnetometer
(MAG) instruments.  Preliminary analysis indicates the data was received
properly.

5.  On April 12, an Ultra-Stable Oscillator (USO) test was performed to verify
the health status of the USO and to collect gravitational red shift experiment
data; long term trend analysis is continuing.

6.  On April 14, a 40bps modulation index test was performed to determine the
optimal Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) when transmitting at 40bps.  Preliminary
analysis of the data suggests that the present pre-launch selected modulation
index is near the optimal level.

7.  On April 15, cruise science Memory Readouts (MROs) were performed for the
Extreme Ultraviolet Spectrometer (EUV) and Magnetometer (MAG) instrument.
Preliminary analysis indicates the data was received properly.

8.  On April 15, a periodic RPM (Retro-Propulsion Module) 10-Newton thruster
flushing maintenance activity was performed; all 12 thrusters were flushed
during the activity.  Thruster performance throughout the activity was nominal.

9.  The AC/DC bus imbalance measurements have not exhibited significant
changes (greater than 25 DN) throughout this period.  The AC measurement reads
19 DN (4.3 volts).  The DC measurement reads 111 DN (12.9 volts).  These
measurements are consistent with the model developed by the AC/DC special
anomaly team.

10. The Spacecraft status as of April 15, 1993, is as follows:

       a)  System Power Margin -  60 watts
       b)  Spin Configuration - Dual-Spin
       c)  Spin Rate/Sensor - 3.15rpm/Star Scanner
       d)  Spacecraft Attitude is approximately 18 degrees
           off-sun (lagging) and 6 degrees off-earth (leading)
       e)  Downlink telemetry rate/antenna- 40bps(coded)/LGA-1
       f)  General Thermal Control - all temperatures within
           acceptable range
       g)  RPM Tank Pressures - all within acceptable range
       h)  Orbiter Science- Instruments powered on are the PWS,
           EUV, UVS, EPD, MAG, HIC, and DDS
       i)  Probe/RRH - powered off, temperatures within
           acceptable range
       j)  CMD Loss Timer Setting - 264 hours
           Time To Initiation - 260 hours


GDS (Ground Data Systems):

1.  Galileo participated in a second DSN (Deep Space Network) acceptance test
for the DSN Telemetry Phase 3 Upgrade on April 13, 1993, using CTA-21
(Compatibility Test Area 21).  The purpose of this test was to verify
the flow of Galileo telemetry data through the new Telemetry Group Controller
(TGC) and the Telemetry Channel Assembly (TCA).  The TGC/TCA is the replacement
for the current Telemetry Processing Assembly (TPA).  Seven different telemetry
rates were run for this test; all ran well on both the MTS (MCCC Telemetry
Subsystem) and the AMMOS MGDS V18.0 GIF with the exception of 10bps.  The
10bps rate had some trouble staying in lock; it appears the TGC/TCA was
not metering the data correctly.  Further comparisons between the MGDS and MTS
data from this test are being conducted. MVT (Mission Verification Test) of
the TGC/TCA system is expected to begin May 16, 1993.


TRAJECTORY

     As of noon Thursday, April 15, 1993, the Galileo Spacecraft trajectory
status was as follows:

	Distance from Earth         152,606,000 km (1.02 AU)
	Distance from Sun           277,519,800 km (1.86 AU)
	Heliocentric Speed          93,400 km per hour
	Distance from Jupiter       543,973,900 km
	Round Trip Light Time       17 minutes, 4 seconds


SPECIAL TOPIC
Archive-name: graphics/resources-list/part1
Last-modified: 1993/04/17


Computer Graphics Resource Listing : WEEKLY POSTING [ PART 1/3 ]
===================================================
Last Change : 17 April 1993

Many FAQs, including this Listing, are available on the archive site
pit-manager.mit.edu (alias rtfm.mit.edu) [18.172.1.27] in the directory
pub/usenet/news.answers.  The name under which a FAQ is archived appears
in the Archive-name line at the top of the article.
This FAQ is archived as graphics/resources-list/part[1-3]

There's a mail server on that machine. You send a e-mail message to
mail-server@pit-manager.mit.edu  containing the keyword "help" (without
quotes!) in the message body.

You can see in many other places for this Listing. See the item:

0. Places to find the Resource Listing

for more information.

Items Changed:
--------------

RE-ARRANGED the subjects, in order to fir better in the 63K/article limit.
I PLAN ON CHANGING HEADERS SOON, SO BE CAREFUL! ONLY THE "Resource Listing"
keys are sure to remain in the Subject: line!

0. Places to find the Resource Listing
6.  3D graphics editors
   a. Public domain, free and shareware systems
9. Plotting packages
18. Molecular visualization stuff

[ I'm thinking of making this post bi-weekly. What do you think??? ]

--------------

Lines which got changed, have the `#' character in front of them.
Added lines are prepended with a `+'
Removed lines are just removed. Use 'diff' to locate these changes.

========================================================================

This text is (C)Copyright 1992, 1993 of Nikolaos C. Fotis. You can copy
freely this file, provided you keep this copyright notice intact.

Compiled by Nikolaos (Nick) C. Fotis, e-mail: nfotis@theseas.ntua.gr

Please contact me for updates,corrections, etc.

Disclaimer: I do not guarantee the accuracy of this document.
Use it at your own risk.

========================================================================

This is mainly a guide for computer graphics software.
I would suggest reading the Comp. Graphics FAQ for image analysis stuff.

It's entitled: 
 (date) comp.graphics Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

 John T. Grieggs <grieggs@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov> is the poster of the
 official comp.graphics FAQ

I have included my comments within braces '[' and ']'.

Nikolaos Fotis

========================================================================

Contents of the Resource Listing
================================

PART1:
------
0. Places to find the Resource Listing
1. ARCHIE
2. Notes
3. Computer graphics FTP site list, by Eric Haines
4. Mail servers and graphics-oriented BBSes
5. Ray-tracing/graphics-related mailing lists.
6.  3D graphics editors
   a. Public domain, free and shareware systems
   b. Commercial systems
7. Scene description languages
8. Solids description formats

PART2:
------

9. Plotting packages
10. Image analysis software - Image processing and display

PART3:
------
11. Scene generators/geographical data/Maps/Data files
12. 3D scanners - Digitized 3D Data.
13. Background imagery/textures/datafiles
14. Introduction to rendering algorithms
   a. Ray tracing
   b. Z-buffer (depth-buffer)
   c. Others
15. Where can I find the geometric data for the:
   a. Teapot ?
   b. Space Shuttle ?
16. Image annotation software
17. Scientific visualization stuff
18. Molecular visualization stuff
19. GIS (Geographical Information Systems software)

Future additions:
[Please send me updates/info!]

========================================================================

0. Places to find the Resource Listing
======================================

#This file is crossposted to comp.graphics, comp.answers and news.answers,
so if you can't locate it in comp.graphics, you're advised to search in
#comp.answers or news.answers
(The latter groups usually are archived in your site. Contact your sysadmin
for more info).

These 3 articles are posted to comp.graphics 3-4 times a month and are kept in
many places (see below)

--

Many FAQs, including this one, are available on the archive site
pit-manager.mit.edu (alias rtfm.mit.edu) [18.172.1.27] in the directory
pub/usenet/news.answers.  The name under which a FAQ is archived appears
in the Archive-name line at the top of the article.
This FAQ is archived as graphics/resources-list/part[1-3]

There's a mail server on that machine. You send a e-mail message to
mail-server@pit-manager.mit.edu  containing: help in the Subject: field

--

The inria-graphlib mail server mirrors this posting (see under the
Subject 4: Mail servers )

--

The Resource Listing is accesible through WAIS in the machine
enuxva.eas.asu.edu (port 8000) under the name graphics-resources-list.
It's got a digest-type line before every numbered item for purposes of
indexing.

--

Another place that monitors the Listing is the MaasInfo files.
For more info contact Robert E. Maas <rem@btr.com>

--

Yet another place to search for FAQs in general is the SWITCH
(Swiss Academic and Research Network) system in Switzerland:

interactive:
  telnet nic.switch.ch [130.59.1.40], login as "info". Move to the
  info_service/Usenet/periodic-postings directory. Search in the
  00index file by typing "/" and the word to look for.
  You may then just read the FAQ in the "faqs" directory, or decide
  to fetch it by one of the following methods.

ftp:
  login to nic.switch.ch [130.59.1.40] as user anonymous and
  enter your internet-style address after being prompted for a
  password.

	cd info_service/Usenet/periodic-postings

mail:
  send e-mail to

RFC-822:
   archive-server@nic.switch.ch
X.400:
  /S=archive-server/OU=nic/O=switch/PRMD=switch/ADMD=arcom/C=ch/

Enter 'help' in the bodypart to receive instructions. No information
is required in the subject header line.


1. ARCHIE
=========

The Archie is a service system to locate FTP places for
requested files. It's appreciated that you will use Archie
before asking help in the newsgroups.

Archie servers:
  archie.au or 139.130.4.6             (Aussie/NZ)
  archie.funet.fi or 128.214.6.100  (Finland/Eur.)
  archie.th-darmstadt.de or 130.83.128.111  (GER.)
  cs.huji.ac.il or 132.65.6.5             (Israel)
  archie.kuis.kyoto-u.ac.jp or 130.54.20.1 (JAPAN)
  archie.sogang.ac.kr or 163.239.1.11      (Korea)
  archie.ncu.edu.tw or telnet 140.115.19.24  (TWN)
  archie.doc.ic.ac.uk or 146.169.3.7  (UK/Ireland)
  archie.sura.net or 128.167.254.179    (USA [MD])
  archie.unl.edu (password: archie1)    (USA [NE])
  archie.ans.net or 147.225.1.2         (USA [NY])
  archie.rutgers.edu or 128.6.18.15     (USA [NJ])
  archie.nz or 130.195.9.4           (New Zealand)

Connect to Archie server with telnet and type "archie" as username.
To get help type 'help'.
You can get 'xarchie' or 'archie', which are clients that call Archie
without the burden of a telnet session.
'Xarchie' is on the X11.R5 contrib tape, and 'archie' on comp.sources.misc,
vol. 27.

To get information on how to use Archie via e-mail, send mail with
subject "help" to "archie" account at any of above sites.

(Note to Janet/PSS users -- the United Kingdom archie site is
accessible on the Janet host doc.ic.ac.uk [000005102000].
Connect to it and specify "archie" as the host name and "archie" as
the username.)

==========================================================================

2. Notes
========
(Excerpted from the FAQ article)

Please do *not* post or mail messages saying "I can't FTP, could
someone mail this to me?"  There are a number of automated mail servers
that will send you things like this in response to a message.

There are a number of sites that archive the Usenet sources newsgroups
and make them available via an email query system.  You send a message
to an automated server saying something like "send comp.sources.unix/fbm",
and a few hours or days later you get the file in the mail.

==========================================================================

3. Computer graphics FTP site list, by Eric Haines
==================================================

Computer graphics related FTP sites (and maintainers), 26/03/93
	compiled by Eric Haines, erich@eye.com
	and Nick Fotis, nfotis@theseas.ntua.gr

Ray-tracers:
------------

RayShade - a great ray tracer for workstations on up, also for PC, Mac & Amiga.
PoV - son and successor to DKB trace, written by Compuservers.
	(For more questions call Drew Wells --
	73767.1244@compuserve.com or Dave Buck -- david_buck@carleton.ca)
ART - ray tracer with a good range of surface types, part of VORT package.
DKBtrace - another good ray tracer, from all reports; PCs, Mac II,
	Amiga, UNIX, VMS (last two with X11 previewer), etc.
RTrace - Portugese ray tracer, does bicubic patches, CSG, 3D text, etc. etc.
	An MS-DOS version for use with DJGPP DOS extender (GO32) exists also,
	as a Mac port.
VIVID2 - A shareware raytracer for PCs - binary only (286/287).  Author:
	Stephen Coy (coy@ssc-vax.boeing.com).  The 386/387 (no source) version
	is available to registered users (US$50) direct from the author.
RAY4 - Steve Hollasch's 4-dimensional ray tracer - renders hyperspheres,
	hypertetrahedra, hyperplanes, and hyperparallelepipeds (there's
	a separate real-time wireframe viewer written in GL called WIRE4 ) .
MTV,QRT,DBW - yet more ray tracers, some with interesting features.

Distributed/Parallel Raytracers:
--------------------------------

XDART - A distributed ray-tracer that runs under X11. There are server binaries
	which work only on DECstations, SPARCs, HP Snakes (7x0 series) and NeXT.
	The clients are distributed as binaries and C source.
Inetray - A network version of Rayshade 4.0.  Needs Sun RPC 4.0 or newer.
	Contact Andreas Thurnherr (ant@ips.id.ethz.ch)
prt, VM_pRAY - parallel ray tracers.

Volume renderers:
-----------------

VREND - Cornell's Volume Renderer, from Kartch/Devine/Caffey/Warren (FORTRAN).

Radiosity (and diffuse lighting) renderers:
-------------------------------------------

Radiance - a ray tracer w/radiosity effects, by Greg Ward.  Excellent shading
	models and physically based lighting simulation.  Unix/X based, though
	has been ported to the Amiga and the PC (386).
INDIA - An Indian radiosity package based on Radiance.
SGI_RAD - An interactive radiosity package that runs on SGI machines with a
	Spaceball. It includes a house database.
	Author: Guy Moreillon <moreillo@ligsg1.epfl.ch>
RAD - a simple public-domain radiosity package in C. The solution can be run
	stand-alone on any Unix box, but the walk-through requires a SGI 4D.
	Author: Bernard Kwok <g-kwok@cs.yorku.ca>

Renderers which are not raytracers, and graphics libraries:
-----------------------------------------------------------

SIPP - Scan line z-buffer and Phong shading renderer.
	Now uses the shadow buffer algorithm.
Tcl-SIPP - a Tcl command interface to the SIPP rendering
	program. Tcl-SIPP is a set of Tcl commands used to programmed
	SIPP without having to write and compile C code.
	Commands are used to specify surfaces, objects,
	scenes and rendering options.
	It renders either in PPM format or in Utah Raster Toolkit RLE format
	or to the photo widget in the Tk-based X11 applications.

VOGLE - graphics learning environment (device portable).
VOGL - an SGI GL-like library based on VOGLE.
REND386 - A *fast* polygon renderer for Intel 386s and up. Version 2 on up.
	[ It's not photorealistic, but rather a real-time renderer]
XSHARP21 - Dr. Dobb's Journal PC renderer source code, with budget texture
	mapping.

Modellers, wireframe viewers:
-----------------------------

VISION-3D - Mac modeler, can output Radiance & Rayshade files.
IRIT - A CSG solid modeler, with support for freeform surfaces.
X3D - A wireframe viewer for X11.
3DV - 3-D wireframe graphics toolkit, with C source, 3dv objects, other stuff
	Look at major PC archives like wuarchive. One such file is 3DKIT1.ZIP
PV3D - a shareware front end modeler for POVRAY, still in beta test.
  French docs for now, price for registering 250 French Francs. Save disabled.
  Some extra utilities, DXF files for the registered version.

Geometric viewers:
------------------

SALEM - A GL-based package from Dobkin et al. for exploring mathematical
	structures.
GEOMVIEW - A GL-based package for looking and interactively manipulating
3D objects, from Geometry Center at Minnesota.
XYZ GeoBench -(eXperimental geometrY Zurich) is a workbench for geometric
	computation for Macintosh computers.
WIRE4 - GL wireframe previewer for Steve Hollasch's RAY4 (see above)

Data Formats and Data Sets for Ray Tracing:
-------------------------------------------

SPD - a set of procedural databases for testing ray tracers.
NFF - simplistic file format used by SPD.
OFF - another file format.
P3D - a lispy file format.
TDDD - Imagine (3D modeler) format, has converters for RayShade, NFF, OFF, etc.
	Also includes a nice postscript object displayer.  Some GREAT models.
TTDDDLIB - converts to/from TDDD/TTDDD, OFF, NFF, Rayshade 4.0, Imagine,
	and vort 3d objects. Also outputs Framemaker MIF files and isometric
	views in Postscript. Registered users get a TeX PK font converter and
	a superquadric surfaces generator.
	Glenn Lewis <glewis@pcocd2.intel.com>
	[Note : TTDDDLIB is also known as T3DLIB]
CHVRTD - Chapel Hill Volume Rendering Test Datasets, includes volume sets for
	two heads, a brain, a knee, electron density maps for RNA and others.

Written Material on Rendering:
------------------------------

RT News - collections of articles on ray tracing.
RT bib - references to articles on ray tracing in "refer" format.
Rad bib - references to articles on radiosity (global illumination).
Speer RT bib - Rick Speer's cross-referenced RT bib, in postscript.
RT abstracts - collection by Tom Wilson of abstracts of many RT articles.
Paper bank project - various technical papers in electronic form.  Contact
	Juhana Kouhia <jk87377@cs.tut.fi>
Online Bibliography Project :
        The ACM SIGGRAPH Online Bibliography Project is a database of 
        over 15,000 unique computer graphics and computational geometry
        references in BibTeX format, available to the computer graphics
        community as a research and educational resource.

        The database is located at "siggraph.org".  Users may download 
        the BibTeX files via FTP and peruse them offline, or telnet to
        "siggraph.org" and log in as "biblio" and interactively search
        the database for entries of interest, by keyword.
        For the people without Internet access, there's also an e-mail
        server. Send mail to

        archive-server@siggraph.org

        and in the subject or the body of the message include the message  send
        followed by the topic and subtopic you wish. A good place to start is
        with the command
             send index
        which will give you an up-to-date list of available information.

        Additions/corrections/suggestions may be directed to the admin,
        "bibadmin@siggraph.org".

Image Manipulation Libraries:
-----------------------------

Utah Raster Toolkit - nice image manipulation tools.
PBMPLUS - a great package for image conversion and manipulation.
LIBTIFF - library for reading/writing TIFF images.
ImageMagick - X11 package for display and interactive manipulation
	of images.  Uses its own format (MIFF), and includes some converters.
xv - X-based image display, manipulation, and format converter.
xloadimage, xli - displays various formats on an X11 screen.
Khoros - a huge, excellent system for image processing, with a visual
	programming interface and much much more.  Uses X windows.
FBM - another set of image manipulation tools, somewhat old now.
Img - image manipulation, displays on X11 screen, a bit old now.
xflick - Plays .FLI animation under X11
XAnim - plays any resolution FLI along with GIF's(including GIF89a animation
	extensions), DL's and Amiga IFF animations(3,5,J,l) and IFF
	pictures(including HAM,EHB and color cycling)
SDSC - SDSC Image Tools package (San Diego Supercomputing Center)
	for image manipulation and conversion
CLRpaint - A 24-bit paint program for SGI 24bit workstations and 8bit Indigos.

Libraries with code for graphics:
---------------------------------

Graphics Gems I,II,III - code from the ever so useful books.
spline-patch.tar.Z - spline patch ray intersection routines by Sean Graves
kaleido - Computation and 3D Display of Uniform Polyhedra. Mirrored in
	wuarchive. This package computes (and displays) the metrical
	properties of 75 polyhedra. Author: Dr. Zvi Har'El,
	e-mail: rl@gauss.technion.ac.il

(*) means site is an "official" distributor, so is most up to date.


NORTH AMERICA (please look for things on your own continent first...):
-------------

wuarchive.wustl.edu [128.252.135.4]:  /graphics/graphics - get CONTENTS file
	for a roadmap.  /graphics/graphics/objects/TDDD - *the TTDDD objects
	and converters*, /mirrors/unix-c/graphics - Rayshade ray tracer, MTV
	ray tracer, Vort ray tracer, FBM, PBMPLUS, popi, Utah raster toolkit.
	/mirrors/msdos/graphics - DKB ray tracer, FLI RayTracker demos.
	/pub/rad.tar.Z - *SGI_RAD*, /graphics/graphics/radiosity - Radiance
	and Indian radiosity package.  /msdos/ddjmag/ddj9209.zip - version 21
	of Xsharp, with fast texture mapping.  There's lots more, including
	bibs, Graphics Gems I & II code, OFF, RTN, Radiance, NFF, SIPP, spline
	patch intersection routines, textbook errata, source code from Roy
	Hall's book "Illumination and Color in Computer Generated Imagery", etc
	graphics/graphics/packages/kaleido - *kaleido*
	George Kyriazis <kyriazis@turing.cs.rpi.edu>

princeton.edu [128.112.128.1]:  /pub/Graphics (note capital "G") - *Rayshade
	4.0 ray tracer (and separate 387 executable)*, *color quantization
	code*, *SPD*, *RT News*, *Wilson's RT abstracts*, "RT bib*, *Utah
	Raster Toolkit*, newer FBM, *Graphics Gems I, II & III code*.
	/pub/graphics directory - *SALEM* and other stuff.
	Craig Kolb <cek@princeton.edu>
	[replaces weedeater.math.yale.edu - note the capital "G" in
	pub/Graphics] Because there's a trouble with princeton's incoming
	area, you can upload Rayshade-specific stuff to
	weedeater.math.yale.edu [128.36.23.17]

alfred.ccs.carleton.ca [134.117.1.1]:  /pub/dkbtrace - *DKB ray tracer*,
	/pub/pov-ray/POV-Ray1.0 - *PVRay Compuserve group ray tracer (or PoV)*.
	David Buck <david_buck@carleton.ca>

avalon.chinalake.navy.mil [129.131.31.11]:  3D objects (multiple formats),
	utilities, file format documents.
	This site was created to be a 3D object "repository" for the net.
	Francisco X DeJesus <dejesus@archimedes.chinalake.navy.mil>

omicron.cs.unc.edu [152.2.128.159]:  pub/softlab/CHVRTD - Chapel Hill
	Volume Rendering Test Datasets.

ftp.mv.com [192.80.84.1]: - Official DDJ FTP repository.
	*XSHARP*

peipa.essex.ac.uk [155.245.115.161]: the Pilot European Image Processing
	Archive; in a directory ipa/synth or something like that, there are
	image synthesis packages.
	Adrian Clarke <alien@essex.ac.uk>

barkley.berkeley.edu [128.32.142.237] : tcl/extensions/tsipp3.0b.tar.Z -
	*Tcl-SIPP*
	Mark Diekhans <markd@grizzly.com or markd@NeoSoft.com>

acs.cps.msu.edu [35.8.56.90]: pub/sass - *X window fonts converter into
	Rayshade 3.0 polygons*, Rayshade animation tool(s).
	Ron Sass <sass@cps.msu.edu>

hobbes.lbl.gov [128.3.12.38]: *Radiance* ray trace/radiosity package.
	Greg Ward <gjward@lbl.gov>

geom.umn.edu [128.101.25.31] : pub/geomview - *GEOMVIEW*
	Contact (for GEOMVIEW): software@geom.umn.edu

ftp.arc.umn.edu [137.66.130.11] : pub/gvl.tar.Z - the latest version of Bob,
	Icol and Raz.  Source, a manual, man pages, and binaries for
	IRIX 4.0.5 are included (Bob is a real time volume renderer)
	pub/  contains also many volume datasets.
	Ken Chin-Purcell <ken@ahpcrc.umn.edu>

ftp.kpc.com [144.52.120.9] : /pub/graphics/holl91 - Steve Hollasch's
	Thesis, /pub/graphics/ray4 - *RAY4*, /pub/graphics/wire4 - *WIRE4*.
	/pub/mirror/avalon - mirror of avalon's 3D objects repository.
	Steve Hollasch <hollasch@kpc.com>

swedishchef.lerc.nasa.gov [139.88.54.33] : programs/hollasch-4d - RAY4,
	SGI Explorer modules and Postscript manual, etc.

zamenhof.cs.rice.edu [128.42.1.75] : pub/graphics.formats - Various electronic
	documents about many object and image formats.
	Mark Hall <foo@cs.rice.edu>
	will apparently no longer be maintaining it, see ftp.ncsa.uiuc.edu.

rascal.ics.utexas.edu [128.83.144.1]:  /misc/mac/inqueue - VISION-3D facet
	based modeller, can output RayShade and Radiance files.

ftp.ncsa.uiuc.edu [141.142.20.50] :  misc/file.formats/graphics.formats -
	contains various image- and object-format descriptions.  Many SciVi
	tools in various directories, e.g.  SGI/Alpha-shape/Alvis-1.0.tar.Z -
	3D alpha-shape visualizer (SGI machines only),
	SGI/Polyview3.0/polyview.Z - interactive visualization and analysis of
	3D geometrical structures.
	Quincey Koziol <koziol@ncsa.uiuc.edu>

tucana.noao.edu [140.252.1.1] : /iraf - the IRAF astronomy package

ftp.ipl.rpi.edu [128.113.14.50]:  sigma/erich - SPD images and Haines thesis
	images.  pub/images - various 24 and 8 bit image stills and sequences.
	Kevin Martin <sigma@ipl.rpi.edu>

ftp.psc.edu [128.182.66.148]:  pub/p3d - p3d_2_0.tar P3D lispy scene
	language & renderers.  Joel Welling <welling@seurat.psc.edu>

ftp.ee.lbl.gov [128.3.254.68]: *pbmplus.tar.Z*, RayShade data files.
	Jef Poskanzer <jef@ace.ee.lbl.gov>

george.lbl.gov [128.3.196.93]: pub/ccs-lib/ccs.tar.Z - *CCS (Complex
	Conversion System), a standard software interface for image processing*

hanauma.stanford.edu [36.51.0.16]: /pub/graphics/Comp.graphics - best of
	comp.graphics (very extensive), ray-tracers - DBW, MTV, QRT, and more.
	Joe Dellinger <joe@hanauma.stanford.edu>

ftp.uu.net [192.48.96.2]:  /graphics - *IRIT*, RT News back issues (not
	complete), NURBS models, other graphics related material.
	/graphics/jpeg/jpegsrc.v?.tar.Z - Independent JPEG Group package for
	reading and writing JPEG files.

freebie.engin.umich.edu [141.212.68.23]:  *Utah Raster Toolkit*,
	Spencer Thomas <thomas@eecs.umich.edu>

export.lcs.mit.edu [18.24.0.12] : /contrib - pbmplus, Image Magick, xloadimage,
	xli, xv, Img, lots more.  /pub/R5untarred/mit/demos/gpc - NCGA Graphics
	Performance Characterization (GPC) Suite.

life.pawl.rpi.edu [128.113.10.2]: /pub/ray - *Kyriazis stochastic Ray Tracer*.
	George Kyriazis <kyriazis@turing.cs.rpi.edu>

cs.utah.edu [128.110.4.21]: /pub - Utah raster toolkit, *NURBS databases*.
	Jamie Painter <jamie@cs.utah.edu>

gatekeeper.dec.com [16.1.0.2]:  /pub/DEC/off.tar.Z - *OFF models*,
	Also GPC Benchmark files (planned, but not checked).
	Randi Rost <rost@kpc.com>

hubcap.clemson.edu [130.127.8.1]:  /pub/amiga/incoming/imagine - stuff for the
	Amiga Imagine & Turbo Silver ray tracers.  /pub/amiga/TTDDDLIB -
	*TTDDDLIB* /pub/amiga/incoming/imagine/objects - MANY objects.
	Glenn Lewis <glewis@pcocd2.intel.com>

pprg.eece.unm.edu [129.24.24.10]:  /pub/khoros - *Khoros image processing
	package (huge, but great)*.
	Danielle Argiro <danielle@bullwinkle.unm.edu>

expo.lcs.mit.edu [18.30.0.212]:  contrib - *PBMPLUS portable bitmap package*,
	*poskbitmaptars bitmap collection*, *Raveling Img*, xloadimage.  Jef
	Poskanzer <jef@well.sf.ca.us>

venera.isi.edu [128.9.0.32]:  */pub/Img.tar.z and img.tar.z - some image
	manipulation*, /pub/images - RGB separation photos.
	Paul Raveling <raveling@venera.isi.edu>

ucsd.edu [128.54.16.1]:  /graphics - utah rle toolkit, pbmplus, fbm,
	databases, MTV, DBW and other ray tracers, world map, other stuff.
	Not updated much recently.

castlab.engr.wisc.edu [128.104.52.10]:  /pub/x3d.2.2.tar.Z - *X3D*
	/pub/xdart.1.1.* - *XDART*
	Mark Spychalla <spy@castlab.engr.wisc.edu>

sgi.com [192.48.153.1]:  /graphics/tiff - TIFF 6.0 spec & *LIBTIFF* software
	and pics.  Also much SGI- and GL-related stuff (e.g. OpenGL manuals)
	Sam Leffler <sam@sgi.com>
	[supercedes okeeffe.berkeley.edu for the LIBTIFF stuff]

surya.waterloo.edu [129.97.129.72]: /graphics - FBM, ray tracers

ftp.sdsc.edu [132.249.20.22]: /sdscpub - *SDSC*

ftp.brl.mil [128.63.16.158]: /brl-cad - information on how to get the
	BRL CAD package & ray tracer.  /images - various test images.
	A texture library has also begun here.
	Lee A. Butler <butler@BRL.MIL>

cicero.cs.umass.edu [128.119.40.189]:  /texture_temp - 512x512 grayscale
	Brodatz textures,
	from Julien Flack <julien@scs.leeds.ac.uk>.

karazm.math.uh.edu [129.7.7.6]:  pub/Graphics/rtabs.shar.12.90.Z - *Wilson's
	RT abstracts*, VM_pRAY.
	J. Eric Townsend <jet@karazm.math.uh.edu or jet@nas.nasa.gov>

ftp.pitt.edu [130.49.253.1]:  /users/qralston/images - 24 bit image archive
	(small).  James Ralston Crawford <qralston@gl.pitt.edu>

ftp.tc.cornell.edu [128.84.201.1]: /pub/vis - *VREND*

sunee.waterloo.edu [129.97.50.50]: /pub/raytracers - vivid, *REND386*
	[or sunee.uwaterloo.ca]

archive.umich.edu [141.211.164.153]: /msdos/graphics - PC graphics stuff.
	/msdos/graphics/raytrace - VIVID2.

apple.apple.com [130.43.2.2?]:  /pub/ArchiveVol2/prt.

research.att.com [192.20.225.2]: /netlib/graphics - *SPD package*, ~/polyhedra -
	*polyhedra databases*.  (If you don't have FTP, use the netlib
	automatic mail replier:  UUCP - research!netlib, Internet -
	netlib@ornl.gov.  Send one line message "send index" for more info,
	"send haines from graphics" to get the SPD)

siggraph.org [128.248.245.250]: SIGGRAPH archive site.
	publications - *Online Bibliography Project*, Conference proceedings
	in various electronic formats (papers, panels), SIGGRAPH Video Review
	information and order forms.
	Other stuff in various directories.
	Automatic mailer is archive-server@siggraph.org ("send index").

ftp.cs.unc.edu [128.109.136.159]: pub/reaction_diffusion - Greg Turk's work on
	reaction-diffusion textures, X windows code (SIGGRAPH '91)

avs.ncsc.org [128.109.178.23]:  ~ftp/VolVis92 - Volume datasets from the
	Boston Workshop on Volume Visualization '92.  This site is also the
	International AVS Center.
	Terry Myerson <tvv@ncsc.org>

uvacs.cs.virginia.edu [128.143.8.100]:  pub/suit/demo/{sparc,dec,etc} - SUIT
	(Simple User Interface Toolkit).  "finger suit@uvacs.cs.virginia.edu"
	to get detailed instructions.

nexus.yorku.ca [130.63.9.66]: /pub/reports/Radiosity_code.tar.Z - *RAD*
	/pub/reports/Radiosity_thesis.ps.Z - *RAD MSc. Thesis*
	[This site will be changed to ftp.yorku.ca in the near future]

milton.u.washington.edu [128.95.136.1] - ~ftp/public/veos - VEOS Virtual
	Reality and distributed applications prototyping environment
	for Unix. Veos Software Support : veos-support@hitl.washington.edu
        oldpublic/fly - FLY! 3D Visualization Software demo.
        That package is built for "fly-throughs" from various datasets in
        near real-time. There are binaries for many platforms.
	Also, much other Virtual Reality stuff.

zug.csmil.umich.edu [141.211.184.2]: X-Xpecs 3D files (an LCD glass shutter
	for Amiga computers - great for VR stuff!)

sugrfx.acs.syr.edu [128.230.24.1]: Various stereo-pair images.
[ Has closed down :-( ]

sunsite.unc.edu [152.2.22.81]: /pub/academic/computer-science/virtual-reality -
	Final copy of the sugrfx.acs.syr.edu archive that ceased to exist.
	It contains Powerglove code, VR papers, 3D images and IRC research
	material.
	Jonathan Magid <jem@sunSITE.unc.edu>

archive.cis.ohio-state.edu [128.146.8.52]: pub/siggraph92 - Code for
	Siggraph '92 Course 23 (Procedural Modeling and Rendering Techniques)
	Dr. David S. Ebert <ebert@cis.ohio-state.edu>

lyapunov.ucsd.edu [132.239.86.10]: This machine is considered the
	repository for preprints and programs for nonlinear dynamics,
	signal processing, and related subjects  (and fractals, of course!)
	Matt Kennel <mbk@inls1.ucsd.edu>

cod.nosc.mil [128.49.16.5]: /pub/grid.{ps,tex,ascii} - a short survey of
	methods to interpolate and contour bivariate data

ics.uci.edu [128.195.1.1]: /honig --- Various stereo-pair images,
	movie.c - animates a movie on an X display (8-bit and mono) with
	digital subtraction.

taurus.cs.nps.navy.mil [131.120.1.13]: pub/dabro/cyberware_demo.tar.Z - Human
	head data

pioneer.unm.edu [129.24.9.217]:  pub/texture_maps - Hans du Buf's grayscale
	test textures (aerial swatches, Brodatz textures, synthetic swatches).
	Space & planetary image repository.  Provides access to >150 CD-ROMS
	with data/images (3 on-line at a time).
        pub/info/beginner-info - here you should start browsing.
        Colby Kraybill <opus@pioneer.unm.edu>.

cs.brown.edu [128.148.33.66] : *SRGP/SPHIGS* . For more info on SRGP/SPHIGS:
         mail -s 'software-distribution' graphtext@cs.brown.edu

pdb.pdb.bnl.gov [130.199.144.1] has data about various organic molecules,
       bonds between the different atoms, etc.
       Atomic coordinates (and a load of other stuff) are contained in the
       "*.ent" files, but the actual atomic dimemsions seem to be missing.
       You could convert these data to PoV, rayshade, etc.

biome.bio.ns.ca [142.2.20.2] : /pub/art - some Renoir paintings,
        Escher's pictures, etc.

ic16.ee.umanitoba.ca [] : /specmark - sample set of images from the
        `Images from the Edge' CD-ROM (images of atomic landscapes, advanced
        semiconductors, superconductors and experimental surface
        chemistry among others). Contact ruskin@ee.umanitoba.ca

explorer.dgp.toronto.edu [128.100.1.129] : pub/sgi/clrpaint - *CLRpaint*
        pub/sgi/clrview.* - CLRview, a tool that aids in visualization
        of GIS datasets in may formats like DXF, DEM, Arc/Info, etc.

ames.arc.nasa.gov [128.102.18.3]: pub/SPACE/CDROM - images from Magellan
        and Viking missions etc. Get pub/SPACE/Index first.
        pub/SPACELINK has most of the SpaceLink service data (see below)
        e-mail server available: send mail to archive-server@ames.arc.nasa.gov
        (or ames!archive-server) with subject:"help"
        or "send SPACE Index" (without the quotes!)
        Peter Yee <yee@ames.arc.nasa.gov>

pubinfo.jpl.nasa.gov [128.149.6.2]: images, other data, etc. from JPL
        missions. Modem access at (818)-354-1333 (no parity, 8 data bits, 1
        stop bit).
        newsdesk@jplpost.jpl.nasa.gov or phone (818)-354-7170

spacelink.msfc.nasa.gov [128.158.13.250] (passwd:guest) : space graphics
        and GIF images from NASA's planetary probes and the Hubble Telescope.
        Main function is support for teachers (you can telnet also to this
        site). Dial up access: (205)-895-0028 (300/1200/2400/9600(V.32) baud,
        8 bits, no parity, 1 stop bit).

stsci.edu [130.167.1.2] : Hubble Space Telescope stuff (images and other
        data). Read the README first!
        Pete Reppert <reppert@stsci.edu> or Chris O'Dea <odea@stsci.edu>

pit-manager.mit.edu [18.172.1.27]:  /pub/usenet/news.answers - the land of
	FAQs.  graphics and pictures directories of particular interest.
	[Also available from mail-server@pit-manager.mit.edu by sending a mail
	message containing: help]

UUCP archive: avatar - RT News back issues.  For details, write Kory Hamzeh
	<kory@avatar.avatar.com>


EUROPE:
-------

nic.funet.fi [128.214.6.100]:  *pub/sci/papers - *Paper bank project,
	including Pete Shirley's entire thesis (with pics)*, *Wilson's RT
	abstracts*, pub/misc/CIA_WorldMap - CIA world data bank,
	comp.graphics.research archive, *India*, and much, much more.
	Juhana Kouhia <jk87377@cs.tut.fi>

dasun2.epfl.ch [128.178.62.2]:  Radiance. Good for European sites, but
	doesn't carry the add-ons that are available for Radiance.

isy.liu.se [130.236.1.3]:  pub/sipp/sipp-3.0.tar.Z - *SIPP* scan line z-buffer
	and Phong shading renderer.  Jonas Yngvesson <jonas-y@isy.liu.se>

irisa.fr [131.254.2.3]:  */iPSC2/VM_pRAY ray tracer*, SPD, /NFF - many non-SPD
	NFF format scenes, RayShade data files.  Didier Badouel
	<badouel@irisa.irisa.fr> [may have disappeared]

phoenix.oulu.fi [130.231.240.17]:  *FLI RayTracker animation files (PC VGA) -
	also big .FLIs (640*480)* *RayScene demos* [Americans:  check wuarchive
	first].  More animations to come.  Jari Kahkonen
	<hole@phoenix.oulu.fi>

jyu.fi [128.214.7.5]: /pub/graphics/ray-traces - many ray tracers, including
	VM_pRAY, DBW, DKB, MTV, QRT, RayShade, some RT News, NFF files.  Jari
	Toivanen <toivanen@jyu.fi>

garbo.uwasa.fi [128.214.87.1]:  Much PC stuff, etc., /pc/source/contour.f -
	FORTRAN program to contour scattered data using linear triangle-based
	interpolation

asterix.inescn.pt [192.35.246.17]:  pub/RTrace - *RTrace* nffutils.tar.Z (NFF
	utilities for RTrace), medical data (CAT, etc.)  converters to NFF,
	Autocad to NFF Autolisp code, AUTOCAD 11 to SCN (RTrace's language)
	converter and other goodies.  Antonio Costa (acc@asterix.inescn.pt)

vega.hut.fi [128.214.3.82]: /graphics - RTN archive, ray tracers (MTV, QRT,
	others), NFF, some models.
[ It was shut down months ago , check under nic.funet.fi -- nfotis ]

sun4nl.nluug.nl [192.16.202.2]: /pub/graphics/raytrace - DBW.microray, MTV, etc

unix.hensa.ac.uk [] : misc/unix/ralcgm/ralcgm.tar.Z - CGM viewer and
        converter.
        There's an e-mail server also - mail to archive@unix.hensa.ac.uk
        with the message body "send misc/unix/ralcgm/ralcgm.tar.Z"

maeglin.mt.luth.se [130.240.0.25]:  graphics/raytracing - prt, others, ~/Doc -
	*Wilson's RT abstracts*, Vivid.

ftp.fu-berlin.de [130.20.225.2]:  /pub/unix/graphics/rayshade4.0/inputs -
	aq.tar.Z is RayShade aquarium [Americans:  check princeton.edu first).
	Heiko Schlichting <heiko@math.fu-berlin.de>

maggia.ethz.ch [129.132.17.1]: pub/inetray - *Inetray* and Sun RPC 4.0 code
	Andreas Thurnherr <ant@ips.id.ethz.ch>

osgiliath.id.dth.dk [129.142.65.24]:  /pub/amiga/graphics/Radiance - *Amiga
	port of Radiance 2.0*.  Per Bojsen <bojsen@ithil.id.dth.dk>

ftp.informatik.uni-oldenburg.de [134.106.1.9] : *PoV raytracer*
        Mirrored in wuarchive, has many goods for PoV.
	pub/dkbtrace/incoming/polyray - Polyray raytracer
        pub/dkbtrace/incoming/pv3d* - *PV3D*

ftp.uni-kl.de [131.246.9.95]: /pub/amiga/raytracing/imagine - mirror of
	the hubcap Imagine files.

neptune.inf.ethz.ch [129.132.101.33]: XYZ - *XYZ GeoBench*
	Peter Schorn <schorn@inf.ethz.ch>

iamsun.unibe.ch [130.92.64.10]: /Graphics/graphtal* - a L-system interpreter.
	Christoph Streit <streit@iam.unibe.ch>

amiga.physik.unizh.ch [130.60.80.80]: /amiga/gfx - Graphics stuff
	for the Amiga computer.

stesis.hq.eso.org [134.171.8.100]: on-line access to a huge astronomical
        database. (login:starcat;no passwd)
        DECnet:STESIS (It's the Space Telescope European Coordination Facility)
        Benoit Pirenne <bpirenne@eso.org>, phone +49 89 320 06 433


MIDDLE EAST
-----------

gauss.technion.ac.il [132.68.112.60]: *kaleida*


AUSTRALIA:
----------

gondwana.ecr.mu.oz.au [128.250.70.62]: pub - *VORT(ART) ray tracer*, *VOGLE*,
	Wilson's ray tracing abstracts, /pub/contrib/artscenes (ART scenes from
	Italy), pub/images/haines - Haines thesis images, Graphics Gems code,
	SPD, NFF & OFF databases, NFF and OFF previewers, plus some 8- and
	24bit images and lots of other stuff.  pub/rad.tar.Z - *SGI_RAD*
	Bernie Kirby <bernie@ecr.mu.oz.au>

munnari.oz.au [128.250.1.21]:  pub/graphics/vort.tar.Z - *VORT (ART) 2.1 CSG and
	algebraic surface ray tracer*, *VOGLE*, /pub - DBW, pbmplus.  /graphics
	- room.tar.Z (ART scenes from Italy).
	David Hook <dgh@munnari.oz.au>

marsh.cs.curtin.edu.au [134.7.1.1]: pub/graphics/bibliography/Facial_Animation,
	pub/graphics/bibliography/Morph, pub/graphics/bibliography/UI -
	stuff about Facial animation, Morphing and User Interfaces.
	pub/fascia - Fred Parke's fascia program.
	Valerie Hall <val@lillee.cs.curtin.edu.au>


OCEANIA - ASIA:
---------------

ccu1.aukland.ac.nz [130.216.1.5]:  ftp/mac/architec - *VISION-3D facet
	based modeller, can output RayShade files*.  Many other neat things
	for Macs.  Paul Bourke <pdbourke@ccu1.aukland.ac.nz>

scslwide.sony.co.jp [133.138.199.1]:  ftp2/SGI/Facial-Animation - Steve Franks
	site for facial animation.
 	Steve Franks <stevef@csl.sony.co.jp OR stevef@cs.umr.edu>


4. Mail servers and graphics-oriented BBSes
===========================================

Please check first with the FTP places above, with archie's help.
Don't overuse mail servers.

There are some troubles with wrong return addresses. Many of these
mail servers have a command like
   path a_valid_return_e-mail_address
to get a hint for sending back to you stuff.

DEC's FTPMAIL
-------------
  Send a one-line message to ftpmail@decwrl.dec.com WITHOUT a Subject: field,
  and having a line containing the word 'help'.
  You should get back a message detailing the relevant procedures you
  must follow in order to get the files you want.

  Note that the "reply" or "answer" command in your mailer will not work
  for this message or any other mail you receive from FTPMAIL.  To send
  requests to FTPMAIL, send an original mail message, not a reply.
  Complaints should be sent to the ftpmail-request@uucp-gw-2.pa.dec.com
  address rather than to postmaster, since DECWRL's postmaster is not
  responsible for fixing ftpmail problems.

BITFTP
------
  For BITNET sites ONLY, there's BITFTP@PUCC.
  Send a one-line 'help' message to this address for more info.

Lightwave 3D mail based file-server
-----------------------------------
  A mail based file server for 3D objects, 24bit JPEG images, GIF images
  and image maps is now online for all those with Internet mail access.
  The server is the official archive site for the Lightwave 3D mail-list
  and contains many PD and Shareware graphics utilities for
  several computer platforms including Amiga, Atari, IBM and Macintosh.

  The server resides on a BBS called "The Graphics BBS".  The BBS is
  operational 24 hours a day 7 days a week at the phone number of +1
  908/469-0049.  It has upgraded its modem to a Hayes Ultra 144
  V.32bis/V.42bis, which has speeds from 300bps up to 38,400bps.

  If you would like to submit objects, scenes or images to the server,
  please pack, uuencode and then mail the files to the address:
  server@bobsbox.rent.com.

  For information on obtaining files from the server send a mail message
  to the address file-server@graphics.rent.com with the following in
  the body of the message:
    HELP
    /DIR
  And a help file describing how to use the server and a complete
  directory listing will be sent to you via mail.

[ Now it includes the Cyberware head and shouders in TTDDD format! Check it
 out, only if you can't use FTP! -- nfotis ]

INRIA-GRAPHLIB
--------------
  Pierre Jancene and Sabine Coquillart launched the inria-graphlib mail
  server a few months ago.

    echo help | mail inria-graphlib@inria.fr

  will give you a quick summary of what inria-graphlib contains and 
  how to browse among its files.

    echo send contents | mail inria-graphlib@inria.fr

  will return the extended summary.

  As an other example :

    echo send cgrl from Misc | mail inria-graphlib@inria.fr

  will return the Computer Graphics Resource Listing mirrored from
  comp.graphics.

BBSes
-----
  There are many BBSes that store datafiles, etc.etc., but a guide to these
  is beyond the scope of this Listing (and the resources of the author!)
  If you can point to me Internet- or mail- accessible BBSes that carry
  interesting stuff, send me info!


  Studio Amiga is a 3D modelling and ray tracing specific BBS, (817) 467-3658.
  24 hours, 105 Meg online.
--
From Jeff Walkup <pwappy@well.sf.ca.us>:
  "The Castle" 415/355-2396 (14.4K/v.32bis/v.42/v.42bis/MNP)
  (In Pacifica, dang close to San Francisco, California, USA)
  The new-user password is: "TAO".
  
  [J]oin base #2; The Castle G/FX, Anim, Video, 3D S.I.G., of which
  I am the SIG-Op, "Lazerus".
--
  Bob Lindabury operates a BBS (see above the entry for "The Graphics BBS")
--
'You Can Call Me Ray' ray tracing related BBS in Chicago suburbs (708-358-5611)
 or (708-358-8721)
--
  Digital Pixel (Sysop: Mark Ng <mcng@descartes.waterloo.edu>) is based at
  Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
 
  Phone : (416) 298 1487
  Storage space: 330 megs
  Modem type:  14.4k baud,16.8k (Zyxel) , v32bis ,v32, mnp 5

  Access Fee: none.. (free)
  System supported : DOS, OS/2, Amiga, Mac.  
  Netmail:     Currently no echo mail.
  Topics:      Raytracing, Fractals, Graphics programming, CAD, Any Comp.
               Graphics related  

--
From: David Tiberio <dtiberio@ic.sunysb.edu>

  Amiga Graphics BBS (516) 473-6351 in Long Island, New York,
  running 24 hours at 14.4k v.32bis, with 157 megs on line.
  We also subscribe to 9 mailing lists, of which 5 originate
  from our BBS, with 3 more to be added soon. These include:

  Lightwave, Imagine, Real 3D (ray tracing)

  Database files include:
  Imagine 3D objects, 3D renderings, scalable fonts, music
  modules, sound samples, demos, animations, utilities,
  text databases, and pending Lightwave 3D objects.
--
The Graphics Alternative

 The Graphics Alternative is in El Cerrito, CA., running 24 hours a
 day at 14.4k HST/v.32bis, with 642MB online and a 1300+ user base.
 TGA runs two nodes, node 1 (510) 524-2780 is for public access and
 includes a free 90 day trial subscription.  TGA is the West Coast
 Host for PCGnet, The Profesional CAD and Graphics Network, supporting
 nodes across the Continental U.S., Alaska, New Zealand, Australia,
 France and the UK.
 
 TGA's file database includes MS-DOS executables for POV, Vivid,
 RTrace, Rayshade, Polyray, and others.  TGA also has numerous
 graphics utilities, viewers, and conversion utilities.  Registered
 Vivid users can also download the latest Vivid aeta code from a
 special Vivid conference.

--
From: Scott Bethke <sbathkey@access.digex.com>

The Intersection BBS, 410-250-7149.

  This BBS Is dedicated to supporting 3D Animators.The system is provided
  FREE OF CHARGE, and is NOT Commercialized in ANYWAY.
  Users are given FULL Access on the first call.

Features: Usenet NEWS & Internet Mail, Fidonet Echo's & Netmail,
	200 Megs online, V.32bis/V.42bis Modem.

Platforms of interest: Amiga & The VideoToaster, Macintosh, Ms-Dos,
	Unix Workstations (Sun, SGI, etc), Atari-ST.
--
From: Alfonso Hermida <afanh@robots.gsfc.nasa.gov>:

 Pi Square BBS (301)725-9080 in Maryland. It supports raytracers such as POV
 and VIVID. The BBS runs off a 486/33Mhz, 100Megs hard drive and CD ROM.
 Now it runs on 1200-2400bps (this will change soon)

 Topics: graphics programming, animation,raytracing,programming (general)
--
From: Lynn Falkow <ROXXIE@delphi.com>:

  Vertech Design's GRAPHIC CONNECTION. (503) 591-8412 in Portland, Oregon.
  V.32/V.42bis.

  The BBS, aside from carrying typical BBS services like message bases
  ( all topic specific ) and files ( CAD and graphics related -- hundreds
  of megabytes ), also offers material texture files that are full color,
  seamlessly tiling, photo-realistic images.  There are samples available
  to first time callers.  The BBS is a subscription system although callers
  have 2 hours before they must subscribe, and there are several subscription
  rates available.   People interested in materials can subscribe to the
  library in addition to a basic subscription rate, and can use their
  purchased time to download whichever materials they wish.

==========================================================================

5. Ray-tracing/graphics-related mailing lists
=============================================

Imagine
-------
  Modeling and animation system for the Amiga:
  send subscription requests to Imagine-request@email.sp.paramax.com
  send material to Imagine@email.sp.paramax.com
  (Dave Wickard has substituted Steve Worley in the maintenance of
  the mailing list) - PLEASE note that the unisys.com address is
  NO longer valid!!!

Lightwave
---------
  (for the Amiga. It's part of Newtek's Video Toaster):
  send subscription requests to lightwave-request@bobsbox.rent.com
  send material to lightwave@bobsbox.rent.com
  (Bob Lindabury)

Toaster
-------
  send subscription requests to listserv@karazm.math.uh.edu with a *body* of:
     subscribe toaster-list

Real 3D
-------
  Another modeling and animation system for the Amiga:
  To subscribe, send a mail containing the body

  subscribe real3d-l <Your full name>

  to listserv@gu.uwa.edu.au

Rayshade
--------
  send subscription requests to rayshade-request@cs.princeton.edu
  send material to rayshade-users@cs.princeton.edu
  (Craig Kolb)

Alladin 4D for the Amiga
----------
  send subscription requests to subscribe@xamiga.linet.org

  and in the body of the message write

  #Alladin 4D username@domain

Radiance
--------
  Greg Ward, the author, sends to registered (via e-mail) users digests of
  his correspodence with them, notes about fixes, updates, etc.
  His address is: gjward@lbl.gov

REND386
-------
  send subscription requests to rend386-request@sunee.waterloo.edu
  send material to rend386@sunee.waterloo.edu

PoV ray / DKB raytracers
------------------------
  To subscribe, send a mail containing the body

  subscribe dkb-l <Your full name>

  to listserv@trearn.bitnet

  send material to dkb-l@trearn.bitnet

Mailing List for Massively Parallel Rendering
---------------------------------------------
  send subscription requests to mp-render-request@icase.edu
  send material to mp-render@icase.edu

==========================================================================

6. 3D graphics editors
======================

a. Public domain, free and shareware systems
============================================

VISION-3D
---------
  Mac-based program written by Paul D. Bourke (pdbourke@ccu1.aukland.ac.nz).
  The program can be used to generate models directly in the RayShade
  and Radiance file formats (polygons only).
  It's shareware and listed on the FTP list.

BRL
---
  A solid modeling system for most environments -- including SGI and X11.
  It has CSG and NURBS, plus support for Non-Manifold Geometry
  [Whatever it is].

  You can get it *free* via FTP by signing and returning the relevant license,
  found on ftp.brl.mil. Uses ray-tracing for engineering analyses.

  Contact:

  Ms. Carla Moyer
  (410)-273-7794 tel.
  (410)-272-6763 FAX
  cad-dist@brl.mil E-mail

  Snail mail:

  BRL-CAD Distribution
  SURVIAC Aberdeen Satellite Office 1003
  Old Philadelphia Road,
  Suite 103 Aberdeen
  MD  21001  USA

IRIT
----
  A constructive solid geometry (CSG) modeling program for PC and X11.
  Includes freeform surface support. Free - see FTP list for where to
  find it.

SurfModel
---------
  A solid modeling program for PC written in Turbo Pascal 6.0 by
  Ken Van Camp. Available from SIMTEL, pd1:<msdos.srfmodl> directory.

NOODLES
-------
   From CMU, namely Fritz Printz and Levent Gursoz (elg@styx.edrc.cmu.edu).
   It's based on Non Manifold Topology.
   Ask them for more info, I don't know if they give it away.

XYZ2
----
  XYZ2 is an interactive 3-D editor/builder written by Dale P. Stocker to
  create objects for the SurfaceModel, Automove, and DKB raytracer packages.
  XYZ2 is free and can be found, for example, in SIMTEL20 as
  <MSDOS.SURFMODL>XYZ21.ZIP (DOS only??)

3DMOD
-----
  It's an MSDOS program. Check at barnacle.erc.clarkson.edu [128.153.28.12],
  /pub/msdos/graphics/3dmod.* . Undocumented file format :-(
  3DMOD is (C) 1991 by Micah Silverman, 25 Pierrepoint Ave., Postdam,
  New York 13676, tel. 315-265-7140

NORTHCAD
--------
  Shareware, <MSDOS.CAD>NCAD3D42.ZIP in SIMTEL20. Undocumented file format :-(

Vertex
------
  (Amiga)
  Shareware, send $40 US (check or money order) to:

  The Art Machine, 4189 Nickolas
  Sterling Heights, MI  48310
  USA

  In addition to the now standard file formats, including Lightwave,
  Imagine, Sculpt, Turbo Silver, GEO and Wavefront, this release offers
  3D Professional and RayShade support. (Rayshade is supported only by
  the primitive "triangle", but you can easily include this output in
  your RayShade scripts)

  The latest demo, version 1.62, is available on Fred Fish #727.

  For more information, contact the author, Alex Deburie, at:

  ad99s461@sycom.mi.org, Phone: (313) 939-2513
  

ICoons
------
  (Amiga)
  It's a spline based object modeller ("ICoons" = Interactive 
  COONS path editor) in amiga.physik.unizh.ch (gfx/3d/ICoons1.0.lzh).
  It's free (under the GNU Licence) and requires FPU.

  The program has a look&feel which is a cross between Journeyman and
  Imagine, and it generates objects in TTDDD format.

  It is possible to load Journeyman objects into ICoons, so the program
  can be used to convert JMan objects to Imagine format.

  Author: Helge E. Rasmussen <her@compel.dk>
  PHONE + 45 36 72 33 00, FAX   + 45 36 72 43 00

[ It's also on Fred Fish disk series n.775 - nfotis ]


ProtoCAD 3D
-----------
 Ver 1.1 from Trius (shareware?)

 It's at wsmr-simtel20.army.mil and oak.oakland.edu as PCAD3D.ZIP (for PCs)

 It has this menu layout:

         FILE       File handling (Load, Save, Import, Xport...)
         DRAW       Draw 2D objects (Line, Circle, Box...)
         3D         Draw 3D objects (Mesh, Sphere, Block...)
         EDIT       Editing features (Copy, Move ...)
         SURFACE    Modify objects (Revolve, Xtrude, Sweep...)
         IMAGE      Image zooming features (Update, Window, Half...)
         OPTION     Global defaults (Grid, Toggles, Axis...)
         PLOT       Print drawing/picture (Go, Image...)
         RENDER     Shade objects (Frame, Lighting, Tune...)
         LAYER      Layer options (Select active layer, set Colors...)

+Sculptura
+---------
+  Runs under Windows 3.1, and outputs PoV files. A demo can be found
+  on wuarchive.wustl.edu in mirrors/win3/demo/demo3d.zip
+
+  Author: Michael Gibson <gibsonm@stein.u.washington.edu>


b. Commercial systems
=====================

Alpha_1
-------
  A spline-based modeling program written in University of Utah.
  Features: splines up to trimmed NURBS; support for boolean operations;
    sweeps, bending, warping, flattening etc.; groups of objects, and
    transformations; extensible object types.
  Applications include: NC machining, Animation utilities,
    Dimensioning, FEM analysis, etc.
  Rendering subsystem, with support for animations.
  Support the following platforms: HP 300 and 800's (X11R4, HP-UX 6.5),
    SGI 4D or PI machines (X11R4 and GL, IRIX 3.3.1), Sun SparcStation
    (X11R4, SunOS 4.1.1).
 
  Licensing and distribution is handled by EGS:
    Glenn McMinn, President
    Engineering Geometry Systems
    275 East South Temple, Suite 305
    Salt Lake City, UT  84111
    (801) 575-6021
    mcminn@cs.utah.edu

 [ Educational pricing ]
  The charge is $675 per platform.  You may run the system on as many
  different workstations of that type as you wish.  For each platform
  there is also a $250 licensing fee for Portable Standard Lisp (PSL)
  which is bundled with the system.  You need to obtain an additional
  license from the University of Utah for PSL from the following address:
    Professor Robert Kessler
    Computer Science Department
    University of Utah
    Salt Lake City, Utah 84112

  [ EGS can handle the licensing of PSL for U.S. institutions for a
    300 $USD nominal fee -- nfotis ]

VERTIGO
-------

  They have an Educational Institution Program. The package is used in
  the industrial design, architectural, scientific visualization,
  educational, broadcast, imaging and post production fields.

  They'll [quoting from a letter sent to me -- nfotis ] "donate fully
  configured Vertigo 3D Graphics Software worth over $29,000USD per
  package to qualified educational institutions for licencing on any
  number of Silicon Graphics Personal IRIS or POWER Series Workstations.
  If you use an IRIS Indigo station, we will also licence our Vertigo
  Revolution Software (worth $12,000USD).

  If you are interested in participating in this program please send a
  letter by mail or fax (604/684-2108) on your institution's letterhead
  briefly outlining your potential uses for Vertigo together with the
  following information: 1. UNIX version 2. Model and number of SGI
  systems 3. Peripheral devices 4. Third Party Software.

  Participants will be asked to contribute $750USD per institution to cover
  costs of the manual, administration, and shipping.

  We recommend that Vertigo users subscribe to our technical support
  services. For an annual fee you will receive: technical assistance
  on our support hotline, bug fixes, software upgrades and manual updates.
  For educational institution we will waive the $750 administration fee
  if support is purchased.

  The annual support fee is $2,500 plus the following cost for additional
  machines:

  Number of machines:		2-20		20+
  Additional cost per machine:	$700		$600 "

[ There's also a 5-day training program - nfotis]

Contact:
  Vertigo Technology INC
  Suite 1010
  1030 West Georgia St.
  VANCOUVER, BC
  CANADA, V6E 2Y3

  Phone: 604/684-2113
  Fax:   604/684-2108

[ Does anyone know of such offers from TDI, Alias, Softimage, Wavefront,
  etc.??? this would be a VERY interesting part!!  -- nfotis ]

PADL-2
------
[ Basically, it's a Solid Modeling Kernel in top of which you build your
  application(s)]

  Available by license from
    Cornell Programmable Automation
    Cornell University
    106 Engineering and Theory Center
    Ithaca, NY 14853

  License fees are very low for educational institutions and gov't agencies.
  Internal commercial licenses and re-dissemination licenses are available.
  For an information packet, write to the above address, or send your
  address to:   marisa@cpa.tn.cornell.edu (Richard Marisa)

ACIS
----
  From Spatial Technology. It's a Solid Modelling kernel callable from C.
  Heard that many universities got free copies from the company.
  The person to contact regarding ACIS in academic institutions is

    Scott Owens, e-mail: sdo@spatial.com

  And their address is:

  Spatial Technology, Inc.
  2425 55th St., Bldg. A
  Boulder, CO 80301-5704
  Phone: (303) 449-0649, Fax: (303) 449-0926

MOVIE-BYU / CQUEL.BYU
---------------------
  Basically [in my understanding], this is a FEM pre- and post-proccessor
  system. It's fairly old today, but it still serves some people in
  Mech. Eng. Depts.
  Now it's superseded from CQUEL.BYU (pronounced "sequel"). That's a
  complete modelling, animation and visualization package. Runs in the usual
  workstation environments (SUN, DEC, HP, SGI, IBM RS6000, and others)
  You can get a demo version (30-days trial period) either by sending $20
  USD in their address or a blank tape. It costs 1,500 for a full run-time
  licence.

  Contact:

  Engineering Computer Graphics Lab
  368 Clyde Building, Brigham Young Univ.
  Provo, UT 84602
  Phone: 801-378-2812
  E-mail: cquel@byu.edu


twixt
-----
  Soon to add stuff about it... If I get a reply to my FAX

VOXBLAST
--------
  It's a volume renderer marketed by:
  Vaytek Inc. (Fairfield, Iowa phone: 515-472-2227) , running on PCs
  with 386+FPU at least.  Call Vaytek for more info.

VoxelBox
--------
  A 3D Volume renderer for Windows. Features include direct
  ray-traced volume rendering, color and alpha mapping,
  gradient lighting, animation, reflections and shadows.

  Runs on a PC(386 or higher) with at least an 8 bit video card(SVGA is fine)
  under Windows 3.x. It costs $495.

  Contact:

  Jaguar Software Inc.
  573 Main St., Suite 9B
  Winchester, MA 01890
  (617) 729-3659
  jwp@world.std.com (john w poduska)

==========================================================================

7. Scene description languages
==============================

NFF
---
  Neutral file format , by Eric Haines. Very simple, there are some
  procedural database generators in the SPD package, and many objects
  floating in various FTP sites. There's also a previewer written in
  HP Starbase from E.Haines. Also there's one written in VOGLE, so you can
  use any of the devices VOGLE can output on.
  (Check in sites carrying VOGLE, like gondwana.ecr.mu.oz.au)

OFF
---
  Object file format, from DEC's Randy Rost (rost@kpc.com).
[ The object archive server seems to be mothballed. In a future version,
 I'll remove the ref. to it -- nfotis ]

  Available also through their mail server. To obtain help about using this
  service, send a message with a "Subject:" line containing only the word
  "help" and a null message body to: object-archive-server@decwrl.dec.com.
  [For FTP places to get it, see in the relevant place]. There's an OFF
  previewer for SGI 4D machines, called off-preview in
  godzilla.cgl.rmit.oz.au . There are previewers for xview and sunview,
  also on gondwana.

TDDD
----
It's a library of 3D objects with translators to/from OFF, NFF,
Rayshade, Imagine or vort objects.
Edited copy of the announcement follows (from Raytracing News, V4,#3):

  New Library of 3D Objects Available via FTP, by Steve Worley
  (worley@cup.portal.com)

  I have assembled a set of over 150 3D objects in a binary format
  called TDDD. These objects range from human figures to airplanes,
  from semi-trucks to lampposts.  These objects are all freely
  distributable, and most have READMEs that describe them.

  In order to convert these objects to a human-readable format, a file
  with the specification of TDDD is included in the directory with the
  objects. There is also a shareware system called TTDDDLIB (officially
  on hubcap.clemson.edu) that will convert (ala PBM+) to/from various
  object formats : Imagine TTDDD (extension of TDDD?), OFF, NFF,
  Rayshade 4.0, or vort. Source included for Amiga/Unix as executables
  for the Amiga. Also outputs Framemaker MIF files and isometric views
  in Postscript.

P3D
---
  From Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center. The P3D uses lisp with slight
  extensions to store three-dimensional models. A simple lisp
  interpreter is included with the P3D release, so there is no need to
  have access to any vendor's lisp to run this software.

  The mouse-driven user interfaces for Motif, Open Look, and Silicon
  Graphics GL, and the DrawP3D subroutine library for generating P3D
  without ever looking at the underlying Lisp.

  The P3D software currently supports nine renderers.  They are:
  Painter - Painter's Algorithm, Dore, Silicon Graphics Inc. GL language,
  Generic Phigs, Sun Phigs+, DEC Phigs+, Rayshade, ART ray tracer (from
  VORT package) and Pixar RenderMan.

  The code is available via anonymous FTP from the machines
  ftp.psc.edu, directory pub/p3d, and nic.funet.fi, directory
  pub/graphics/programs/p3d.

RenderMan
---------
  Pixar's RenderMan is not free - call Pixar for details.

==========================================================================

8. Solids description formats
=============================

a. EEC's ESPRIT project 322 CAD*I (CAD Interfaces) has developed a
  neutral file format for transfer of CAD data (curves, surfaces, and
  solid models between CAD systems and from CAD to CAA (Computer Aided
  Analysis) an CAM (Computer Aided Manufacturing)

b. IGES [v. 5.1 now] tries to define a standard to tranfer solid
  models - Brep and CSG. The current standard number is ANSI Y14.26M-1987
  For documentation, you might want to contact Nancy Flower at
  NCGA Technical Services and Standards, 1-800-225-6242 ext. 325
  and the cost is $100.
  This standard is not available in electronic format.

c. PDES/STEP : This slowly emerging standard tries to encompass not only
  the geometrical information, but also for things like FEM, etc.
  The main bodies besides this standard are NIST and DARPA. You can get
  more information about PDES by sending mail to nptserver@cme.nist.gov
  and putting the line
	send index
  in the body (NOT the Subject:) area of the message.

  The people at Rutherford Appleton Lab.  are also working
  on STEP tools: they have an EXPRESS compiler and an Exchange file parser,
  both available in source form (and for free) for research purposes.
  Soon they will also have an EXPRESS-based database system.

  For the tools contact Mike Mead, Phone: +44 (0235) 44 6710 (FAX: x 5893),
  e-mail: mm@inf.rl.ac.uk or {...!}mcsun!uknet!rlinf!mm or
          mm%inf.rl.ac.uk@NSFnet-relay.ac.uk

==========================================================================

End of Part 1 of the Resource Listing
[deleted]

The person who was telling me about the Septuagint version said that the Greeks
had a wonderful library in Alexandria that was full of manuscripts/scrolls
and that it was burned soon after the Septuagint version was translated 
(perhaps to conceal some changes in the different versions, or perhaps just
as part of the typical burning of valuable things that occurs during changes
in power groups, he/I dunno).



Well, perhaps this is the answer then.

[deleted]

Thanks for the tips.  Now I just have to find someone to teach me Samaritan :)

Just me,

little 'e'

(so, is a "good Samaritan hard to find?" or "is a hard... " Oh, finish this
yourself.)

Hello,

Hello,

     I was wondering if anyone knew of a PC or MAC
implementation of the marching cubes algorithm that will output
the individual faces.  If there is no such application, might there
be some C source code that I could modify to implement the
algorithm and get to the individual faces.

Thanks in advance
Sincerly

Tracy
Desiree Bradley (Desiree_Bradley@mindlink.bc.ca) asked us whether we
should think of the Serbs as doing God's work in Bosnia.  I've
refrained from posting, in hope that someone who is more familiar with
the OT than I would answer.  But at this point I feel I have to say
something.

Many things about this posting bother me.  I know of not the slightest
suggestion in the NT that Christians should use force to propagate the
Gospel, and the idea that we should not be concerned about the death
of Moslems violates the heart of the Gospel.  Christ died to break
down these distinctions.  In him there is neither Jew nor Greek, there
is neither slave nor free, there is neither male nor female.  If
Moslems do not know him, we may preach to them, but we don't kill
them.  Furthermore, the attack is between states, not religions.
There are Christians being attacked as well.  One of the towns under
attack is one of the few places where Christians and Moslems are
living together peacefully.

The precedents being suggested are from the OT.  There are in fact two
different things being alluded to.  The first is from the entry into
Canaan.  For that to be a parallel, we would need for God to have
promised this land through a prophet.  And we would need the war to be
a holy war.  There were tight constraints on behavior in those
attacks.  Any violations were likely to cause the Israelites to be
defeated.  Rape would not have been tolerated.  While the accounts in
Joshua emphasize towns that were totally destroyed, note that it was
possible for a town to make peace with the Israelites, and that once
that was done -- even when deception was involved -- they were
expected to honor it.  In contrast, there have been many violations of
agreement in this incident. I see no evidence that God has granted
Bosnia to the Serbs as a promised land, and if he had, their behavior
would have disqualified this from being a holy war.

The other OT parallel is from later, when Israel was defeated by
Assyria and Babylonia.  The prophets saw this as a judgement on Israel
for her sins.  Someone asks whether we shouldn't see this as a
judgement on the Bosnians for their sins.  This sounds like a replay
of the old claim that we shouldn't have doctors or hospitals because
illness is God's judgement.  Yes, even bad things may be used by God
for good.  That includes actions of bad people.  But that doesn't
justify them.  If you read the prophets, you find them very clear that
in attacking Israel, the Assyrians and Babylonians were acting as
*unintentional* agents of God.  Their intent was to attack God's
people, and they would be judged for it.  The fact that they were
actually carrying out God's plan didn't excuse their action.
Furthermore, we shouldn't conclude from this that all attacks are
judgements from God.  God explicitly interpreted that case, through
his prophets.  As far as I know, he did not send any prophets to
Bosnia.  While I find it hard to see any good in the current fighting,
I am sure God will eventually make good come out of bad.  But that
doesn't justify it, and it won't save the people who are doing it from
judgement.
Update on location!!

Directory should be:
public/virtual-worlds!!
^^^^^^

Sorry! :-)
Pat sez;

Yeah, but a windscreen cut down most of it.  Canopies ended it completely.

Of course, the environment in space continues to suck :-)

-Tommy Mac
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tom McWilliams 517-355-2178 wk   \\ As the radius of vision increases,
18084tm@ibm.cl.msu.edu 336-9591 hm \\ the circumference of mystery grows.

Not if they are unwilling to go through a public marriage ceremony,
nor if they say they are willing but have not actually done so.

Let's distinguish _real_ logistical problems (like being stranded on a
desert island) from _excuses_ (such as waiting for so-and-so's brother
to come back from being in the army so he can be in the ceremony)...




Actually, Hiten wasn't originally intended to go into lunar orbit at all,
so it indeed didn't have much fuel on hand.  The lunar-orbit mission was
an afterthought, after Hagoromo (a tiny subsatellite deployed by Hiten
during a lunar flyby) had a transmitter failure and its proper insertion
into lunar orbit couldn't be positively confirmed.

It should be noted that the technique does have disadvantages.  It takes
a long time, and you end up with a relatively inconvenient lunar orbit.
If you want something useful like a low circular polar orbit, you do have
to plan to expend a certain amount of fuel, although it is reduced from
what you'd need for the brute-force approach.
Are the Serbs doing the work of God?  Hmm...

I've been wondering if anyone would ever ask the question,

Are the governments of the United States and Europe not moving
to end the ethnic cleansing by the Serbs because the targets are
muslims?

Can/Does God use those who are not following him to accomplish
tasks for him?  Esp those tasks that are punative?


Yes, I am very interested in this chip.  Please follow up or email.

: >over where it places its temp files: it just places them in its
: >"current directory".

: I have to beg to differ on this point, as the batch file I use
: to launch cview cd's to the dir where cview resides and then
: invokes it.  every time I crash cview, the 0-byte temp file
: is found in the root dir of the drive cview is on.

I posted this as well before the cview "expert".  Apparently, he thought he
knew better.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE           Contact:  OASIS (310) 364-2290

   15 April 1993                                Los Angeles, CA

     LOCAL NATIONAL SPACE SOCIETY CHAPTERS SPONSOR TALK BY L.A.
  ADVOCATE OF LUNAR POWER SYSTEM AS ENERGY SOURCE FOR THE WORLD

   On April 21, the OASIS and Ventura County chapters of the National 
Space Society will sponsor a talk by Lunar Power System (LPS) co-
inventor and vice-president of the LPS Coalition, Dr. Robert D.
Waldron.  It will be held at 7:30 p.m. at the Rockwell Science
Center in Thousand Oaks, CA.

   Dr. Waldron is currently a Technical Specialist in Space
Materials Processing with the Space Systems Division of Rockwell
International in Downey, California.  He is a recognized world
authority on lunar materials refinement.  He has written or
coauthored more than 15 articles or reports on nonterrestrial
materials processing or utilization.  Along with Dr. David
Criswell, Waldron invented the lunar/solar power system concept.

   Momentum is building for a coalition of entrepreneurs, legal
experts, and Soviet and U.S. scientists and engineers to build
the Lunar Power System, a pollution-free, energy source with a
potential to power the globe.

   For the past three years members of the coalition, nearly half
from California, have rejuvenated the commercial and scientific
concept of a solar power system based on the Moon.

   The LPS concept entails collecting solar energy on the lunar
surface and beaming the power to Earth as microwaves transmitted
through orbiting antennae.  A mature LPS offers an enormous
source of clean, sustainable power to meet the Earth's ever
increasing demand using proven, basic technology.

   OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Space
Industrialization) is the Greater Los Angeles chapter of the
National Space Society, which is an international non-profit
organization that promotes development of the space frontier.
The Ventura County chapter is based in Oxnard, CA.

       WHERE:  Rockwell Science Center Auditorium, 1049 Camino
               Dos Rios, Thousand Oaks, CA.
Hi,
         I have a friend who is working on 2-d and 3-d object recognition. He is looking
for references describing algorithms on the following subject areas:

Thresholding
Edge Segmentation
Marr-Hildreth
Sobel Operator
Chain Codes
Thinning - Skeletonising

If anybody is willing to post an algorithm that they have implemented which demonstrates
any of the above topics, it would be much appreciated.

Please post all replies to my e-mail address. If requested I will post a summary to the
newsgroup in a couple of weeks.


Thanks in advance for all replies


<. . ..

: The next Sunday, the sermon was about Joshua 6 (where the Israelites
: take Jericho and then proceed to massacre everybody there --- except
: for Rahab, who had sheltered the spies).  With those reports about
: Bosnia in my mind, I felt uncomfortable about the minister saying that
: the massacre (the one in Joshua) was right.  But what really bothered
: me was that, if I was going to try taking Christianity seriously, I
: shouldn't be so troubled about the reports of "ethnic cleansing" in
: Bosnia.  Certainly, my sympathies shouldn't be with the Moslims.
: Considering that the Bosnian Muslims are descendants of Christians
: who, under Turkish rule, converted to Islam could the Serbs be doing
: God's work?

Perhaps it would be useful to ask whether those doing the ethnic
cleansing could be said to be loving those they are killing in the very
act of killing.  Does it reflect the attitude of God, who sends rain to
both the just and the unjust?  If not, then Christians should be
uncomfortable with it.  Jesus gave his followers the law of love to
follow and it is by exhibiting this that disciples will be known. 
Doctrinal (or political) correctness is not the standard, so I don't see
why Christians should be moved against the Serbs because their ancestors
converted from Christianity to Islam.  It seems to me that as a
Christian you _should_ be troubled by the ethnic cleansing.
--

Mark Prado
  
  
Old pioneer song from the 1850's or so goes as follows:
  
  "In a cavern, in a canyon,
   Excavating for a mine,
   Dwelt a miner, forty-niner,
   And his daughter, CLEMENTINE"
  
Chorus:
  "Oh my darling, Oh my darling,
   Oh my darling Clementine.
   You are lost and gone forever,
   Oh my darling Clementine."
  
 I've also had it explained (but not confirmed from a reliable data
source) that CLEMENTINE is an acronym.  Something like Combined
Lunar Elemental Mapper Experiment on Extended Non Terrestrial
Intercept Near Earth.  Personally, I think that acronym was made up
to fit the name (if it really is an acronym).
 ------------------------------------------------------------------
 Wales Larrison                           Space Technology Investor
: 
: >A stupid question, but what will CView run on and where can I get it? I
: >am still in need of a GIF viewer for Linux. (Without X-Windows.)
: >Thanks!
: > 
: 
: Ho boy. There is no way in HELL you are going to be able to view GIFs or do
: any other graphics in Linux without X windows!  I love Linux because it is
: so easy to learn..  You want text?  Okay.   Use Linux. You want text AND
: graphics?  Use Linux with X windows.  Simple.  Painless.  REQUIRED to have
: X Windows if you want graphics!  This includes fancy word processors like
: doc, image viewers like xv, etc.
:
Ummm, I beg to differ. A kind soul sent me a program called DPG-VIEW that
will do exactly what I want, view GIF images under Linux without X-Windows.
And, it does support all the way up to 1024x768. The biggest complaint I
have is it is painfully SLOW. It takes about 1 minute to display an image.
I am use to CSHOW under DOS which takes a split second. Any idea why it
is so slow under Linux? Anybody have anything better? Plus, anybody have
the docs to DPG-View? Thanks!
 


You'd need to launch HLVs to send up large amounts of stuff *if* you assume
no new launcher development.  If you assume new launcher development, with
lower costs as a specific objective, then you probably don't want to
build something HLV-sized anyway.

Actually, there are people who will tell you that it *would* be enough
to do SSTO development, if done privately as a cut-rate operation.  Of
course, they may be over-optimistic.

You can also assume that a working SSTO would have other applications
that would help pay for its development costs.

I'd be inclined to make the prize somewhat larger, but $1G might be enough.

[Rest deleted.  Can anybody out in a.p.h help out?]

Find out about "the night of the brown shirts".


Some years ago an Anglican synod was discussing the marriage canons and 
there was some debate on what actually constituted a marriage.

The bishop of Natal, whose wife of many years had died, and who had recently 
remarried, announced "It MUST be consummated" and looked like that cat that 
got the cream.

So I suppose he at least would agree with you.




Well, pardon me for trying to continue the discussion rather than just
tugging my forelock in dismay at having not considered actually trying
to recover the energy from this process (which is at least trying to
go the 'right' way on the energy curve).  Now, where *did* I put those
sackcloth and ashes?

[I was not and am not 'pretending' anything; I am *so* pleased you are
not surprised, though.]


Note that I didn't say it was perpetual motion, or even that it
sounded like perpetual motion; the phrase was "sounds almost like
perpetual motion", which I, at least, consider a somewhat different
propposition than the one you elect to criticize.  Perhaps I should
beg your pardon for being *too* precise in my use of language?


I will believe that this process comes even close to approaching
technological and economic feasibility (given the mixed nature of the
trash that will have to be run through it as opposed to the costs of
separating things first and having a different 'run' for each
actinide) when I see them dump a few tons in one end and pull
(relatively) clean material out the other.  Once the costs,
technological risks, etc., are taken into account I still class this
one with the idea of throwing waste into the sun.  Sure, it's possible
and the physics are well understood, but is it really a reasonable
approach? 

And I still wonder at what sort of 'burning' rate you could get with
something like this, as opposed to what kind of energy you would
really recover as opposed to what it would cost to build and power
with and without the energy recovery.  Are we talking ounces, pounds,
or tons (grams, kilograms, or metric tons, for you SI fans) of
material and are we talking days, weeks, months, or years (days,
weeks, months or years, for you SI fans -- hmmm, still using a
non-decimated time scale, I see  ;-))?


-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
------------------------------------

For the purpose of a contest, I'd bet some things could be cut.  Like fuel
for re-entry, any kind of heat shielding, etc., etc.  Even still, if the
contest participants had to fund DC-1 development, it probably wouldn't be
worth it to develop DC-1 (just for the contest).  Just give me the cheapest
heaviest lift man rated (or at least under 6 or so Gs) booster...  If I
don't have to pay for DC-1 development, great!, I'll use it.

But back to the contest goals, there was a recent article in AW&ST about a
low cost (it's all relative...) manned return to the moon.  A General
Dynamics scheme involving a Titan IV & Shuttle to lift a Centaur upper
stage, LEV, and crew capsule.  The mission consists of delivering two
unmanned payloads to the lunar surface, followed by a manned mission. 
Total cost:  US was $10-$13 billion.  Joint ESA(?)/NASA project was $6-$9
billion for the US share.

I didn't find a mention of how long the crew could stay, but I'd bet that
its  around 30 days.  And the total payload delivered was about 30 metric
tonnes.  So if you ignore the scientific payload, hitch a ride in the crew
habitation module (no return trip...), and toss in a few more tonnes for
the additional consumables to last another 11 months, then you *might* be
able to get a year visit out of 15 tonnes (and in case its not obvious,
that's a wild ass guess).  A pretty boring visit, since every trip outdoors
eats up a bit of LOX.  And I'm not certain if a home brewed (or
college-brewed) life support system could last a year.  But let's round
this up to 19.4 tonnes (convient, since the GD plan talks about 9.7 ton
payloads delivered to the lunar surface.  This adds up to two Centaurs, two
LEVs, two Shuttle flights... All to put a single man on the moon for a
year.   Hmmm.  Not really practical.  Anyone got a cheaper/better way of
delivering 15-20 tonnes to the lunar surface within the decade?  Anyone
have a more precise guess about how much a year's supply of consumables and
equipment would weigh?

And I was wondering about the GD LEV.  Is it reusable?  Or is it discarded
to burn up on return to LEO?  If its not discarded, could it be refueled? 
Henry: Do you know anything about the GD LEV?  I noted that it uses RL-10
engines.  Aren't they reusable/restartable?  Would a LEV fit in a DC-1? 
I've forgotten (if I ever knew) what the cargo bay dimensions are for the
DC-1.

All in all, I'm not certain that the single goal/prize of staying on the
moon for a year is wise and/or useful.  How about:  A prize for the first
non-government sponsered unmanned moon landing, then another for a manned
moon landing, then yet another for a system to extract consumables from
lunar soil, another for a reusable earth/moon shuttle, and so forth.  Find
some way to build civilian moonbase infrastructure...  Having a single goal
might result in a bunch of contestents giving up after one person appeared
to win.  And for those that didn't give up, I find something a little scary
about a half dozen people huddling in rickety little moon shelters.  I'd
like to see as much a reward for co-operation as for competition.

Lastly, about ten or fifteen years back I seem to recall that there was an
English space magazine that had an on-going discussion about moonbases on
the cheap.  I recalled it discussed things like how much heat the human
body produced, how much lunar material it'd need for protection from solar
flares, etc.  Unfortunately I don't remember the name of this magazine. 
Does this ring a bell to anyone?
Several people have enquired about the availability of the book about the
Great 72" reflector built at Birr Castle, Ireland in 1845 which remained the
largest in the world until the the start of the 20th century.

"The Astronomy of Birr Castle" was written by Patrick Moore who now sits on
the committee which is going to restore the telescope. (The remains are on
public display all year round - the massive support walls, the 60 foot long
tube, and other bits and pieces). This book is the definitivie history of
how one man, the Third Earl of Rosse, pulled off the most impressive
technical achievement, perhaps ever, in the history of the telescope, and
the discoveries made with the instrument.

Patrick Moore is donating all proceeds from the book's sale to help restore
the telescope. Astronomy Ireland is making the book available world wide by
mail order. It's a fascinating read and by ordering a copy you bring the day
when we can all look through it once again that little bit nearer.

=====ORDERING INFORMATION=====
"The Astronomy of Birr Castle" Dr. Patrick Moore, xii, 90pp, 208mm x 145mm.
Price:
U.S.: US$4.95 + US$2.95 post & packing (add $3.50 airmail)
U.K. (pounds sterling): 3.50 + 1.50 post & packing
EUROPE (pounds sterling): 3.50 + 2.00 post and packing
REST OF WORLD: as per U.S. but funds payable in US$ only.

PAYMENT:
Make all payments to "Astronomy Ireland".
CREDIT CARD: MASTERCARD/VISA/EUROCARD/ACCESS accepted by email or snail
mail: give card number, name & address, expiration date, and total amount.
Payments otherwise must be by money order or bank draft.
Send to our permanent address: P.O.Box 2888, Dublin 1, Ireland.

You can also subscribe to "Astronomy & Space" at the same time. See below:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony Ryan, "Astronomy & Space", new International magazine, available from:
              Astronomy Ireland, P.O.Box 2888, Dublin 1, Ireland.
6 issues (one year sub.): UK 10.00 pounds, US$20 surface (add US$8 airmail).
ACCESS/VISA/MASTERCARD accepted (give number, expiration date, name&address).
Larry L. Overacker writes, responding to Simon:

   I may be interesting to see some brief selections posted to the
   net.  My understanding is that SSPX does not consider ITSELF in
   schism or legitimately excommunicated.  But that's really beside
   the point.  What does the Roman Catholic church say?
   Excommunication can be real apart from formal excommunication, as
   provided for in canon law.

Here's some of the theology involved for the interested.

There is confusion over this issue of the SSPX's "schism"; often the
basic problem is lack of an ability to distinguish between:

- true obedience
- false obedience
- disobedience
- schism

Take the various classifications of obedience first.  There are 2
important elements involved here for my purposes:

1) a command
2) the response made to the command

As far as the command goes, commands can be LEGITIMATE, such as the
Pope ordering Catholics to not eat meat on Fridays.  Or they can be
ILLEGITIMATE, such as the Pope ordering Catholics to worship the god
Dagon when every other full moon comes around.

As far as the response to a command goes, it can be to REFUSE to do
what is commanded, or to COMPLY.

Making a table, there are thus 4 possibilites:

command         response            name
-----------------------------------------------------
LEGITIMATE      COMPLY              true obedience
ILLEGITIMATE    REFUSE              true obedience
LEGITIMATE      REFUSE              disobedience
ILLEGITIMATE    COMPLY              false obedience

So now you see where my 3 classifications of obedience come from.

Obedience is not solely a matter of compliance/refusal.  The nature of
the commands must also be taken into account; it is not enough to
consider someone's compliance or refusal and then say whether they are
"obedient" or "disobedient".  You also have to take into consideration
whether the commands are good or bad.

In my example, if the Pope commands all Catholics to worship the god
Dagon, and they all refuse, they aren't being disobedient at all!

As far as the Society of Saint Pius X goes, they are certainly
refusing to comply with certain things the Pope desires.  But that
alone is insufficient to allow one to label them "disobedient".  You
also have to consider the nature of the Papal desires.

And there's the rub: SSPX says the Popes since Vatican II have been
commanding certain very bad things for the Church.  The Popes have of
course disagreed.

So where are we?  Are we in another Arian heresy, complete with weak
Popes?  Or are the SSPX priests modern Martin Luthers?  Well, the only
way to answer that is to examine who is saying what, and what the
traditional teaching of the Church is.

The problem here is that very few Catholics have much of an idea of
what is really going on, and what the issues are.  The religion of
American Catholics is especially defective in intellectual depth.  You
will never read about the issues being discussed in the Catholic press
in this country.  (On the other hand, one Italian Catholic magazine I
get -- 30 Days -- has had interviews with the Superior General of the
Society of Saint Pius X.)

Many Catholics will decide to side with the Pope.  There is some
soundness in this, because the Papacy is infallible, so eventually
some Pope *will* straighten all this out.  But, on the other hand,
there is also unsoundness in this, in that, in the short term, the
Popes may indeed be wrong, and such Catholics are doing nothing to
help the situation by obeying them where they're wrong.  In fact, if
the situation is grave enough, they sin in obeying him.  At the very
least, they're wasting a great opportunity, because they are failing
to love Christ in a heroic way at the very time that He needs this
badly.

Schism... let's move on to schism.  What is it?

Schism is a superset of disobedience (refusal to obey a legitimate
command).  All schismatics are disobedient.  But it's a superset, so
it doesn't work the other way around: not all disobeyers are
schismatics.  The mere fact that the SSPX priests don't comply with
the Holy Father's desires doesn't make them schismatics.

So what is it that must be added to disobedience to constitute a
schism?  Maybe this something else makes the SSPX priests schismatics.

You must add this: the rejection of the right to command.  Look in any
decent reference on Catholic theology, and that's what you'll find:
the distinguishing criterion of schism is rejection of the right to
command.

Here's what the Catholic Encyclopedia says, for example:

    ... not every disobedience is a schism; in order to possess this
    character it must include besides the trangression of the commands
    of superiors, denial of their Divine right to command.
    (from the CE article "Schism")

Is the Society of Saint Pius X then schismatic?  The answer is a clear
no: they say that the Pope is their boss.  They pray for him every
day.  And that's all that matters as far as schism goes.

What all this boils down to is this: if we leave aside the
consideration of the exact nature of their objections, their position
is a legitimate one, as far as the Catholic theology of obedience and
schism goes.  They are resisting certain Papal policies because they
think that they are clearly contrary to the traditional teaching of
the Papacy, and the best interests of the Church.  (In fact, someone
who finds himself in this situation has a *duty* to resist.)

Now, what is the stance of Rome on all this?  Well, if you read the
Holy Father's motu proprio "Ecclesia Dei", you can find out.  It's the
definitive document on the subject.  A motu proprio is a specifically
Papal act.  It's not the product of a Roman congregation, a letter
that the Pope has possibly never even read.  It's from the Pope
himself.  His boss is God... there's no one else to complain to.

In this document, the Holy Father says, among other things:

1) The episcopal consecrations performed by Archbishop Lefebvre
constituted a schismatic act.

2) Archbishop Lefebvre's problem was a misunderstanding of the nature
of Tradtion.

Both are confusing: I fail to see the logic of the Pope's points.

As far as the episcopal consecrations go, I read an interesting
article in a translation of the Italian magazine "Si Si No No".  It
all gets back to the question of jurisdiction.  If episcopal
consecrations imply rejection of the Pope's jurisdiction, then they
would truly constitute a schismatic act, justifying excommunication
under the current code of canon law.  But my problem with this is
this: according to the traditional theology of Holy Orders, episcopal
consecration does not confer jurisdiction.  It only confers the power
of Order: the ability to confect the Sacraments.  Jurisdiction must be
conferred by someone else with the power to confer it (such as the
Pope).  The Society bishops, knowing the traditional theology quite
well, take great pains to avoid any pretence of jurisdiction over
anyone.  They simply confer those Sacraments that require a bishop.

The "Si Si No No" article was interesting in that it posited that the
reason that the Pope said what he did is that he has a novel,
post-Vatican II idea of Holy Orders.  According to this idea,
episcopal consecration *does* confer jurisdiction.  I lent the article
to a friend, unfortunately, so can't tell you more.  I believe they
quoted the new code of canon law in support of this idea.

The Pope's thinking on this point remains a great puzzle to me.
There's no way there is a schism, according to traditional Catholic
theology.  So why does the Pope think this?

As far as the points regarding the nature of Tradition goes, here's
the passage in question:

    The root of this schismatic act can be discerned in an incomplete
    and contradictory notion of Tradtion.  Incomplete, because it does
    not take sufficiently into the account the living character of
    Tradition, which, as the Second Vatican Council clearly taught,

        comes from the apostles and progresses in the Church with the
        help of the Holy Spirit.  There is a growth in insight into
        the realities and words that are being passed on.  This comes
        about in various ways.  It comes through the contemplation and
        study of believers who ponder these things in their hearts.
        It comes from the intimate sense of spiritual realities which
        they experience.  And it comes from the preaching of those who
        have received, along with their right of succession in the
        espiscopate, the sure charism of truth.

    But especially contradictory is a notion of Tradition which
    opposes the universal Magisterium of the Church possessed by the
    Bishop of Rome and the body of bishops.  It is impossible to
    remain faithful to the Tradition while breaking the ecclesial bond
    with him to whom, in the person of the Apostle Peter, Christ
    himself entrusted the ministry of unity in His Church.

    (Papal motu proprio "Ecclesia Dei", 2 July 1988)

It seems to me that the Holy Father is making two points here that can
be simplified to the following:

- Vatican Council II has happened.
- I am the Pope.

The argument being that either case is sufficient to prove that
Archbishop Lefebvre must be wrong, because he disagrees with them.
This is weak, to say the least!

It would have helped clarify things more if the Pope had addressed
Archbishop Lefebvre's concerns in detail.  What is John Paul II's
stand on the social Kingship of Christ, as taught by Gregory XVI, Pius
IX, Leo XIII, Pius XI and Pius XII, for example?  Are we supposed to
ignore what all these Popes said on the subject?

I don't know what the future will hold, but the powers that be in the
SSPX are still talking with Rome and trying to straighten things out.

--------------------------------------------------------------

[Many people would prefer to call a justified refusal to obey
"justified disobedience" or even "obeying God rather than man".
Calling a refusal to obey obedience puts us into a sort of Alice in
Wonderland world where words mean whatever we want them to mean.

Similarly, schism indicates a formal break in the church.  If the Pope
says that a schism exists, it seems to me that by definition it
exists.  It may be that the Pope is on the wrong side of the break,
that there is no good reason for the break to exist, and that it will
shortly be healed.  But how can one deny that it does in fact exist?

It seems to me that you are in grave danger of destroying the thing
you are trying to reform: the power of the papacy.  What good will it
do you if you become reconciled to the the Pope in the future, but in
the process, you have destroyed his ability to use the tools of church
discipline?  It's one thing to hold that the Pope has misused his
powers, and excommunicated someone wrongly.  It's something else to
say that his excommunication did not take effect, and the schism is
all in his imagination.  That means that acts of church discipline are
not legal tools, but acts whose validity is open to debate.  Generally
it has been liberal Catholics who have had problems with the Pope.
While they have often objected to church sanctions, generally they
have admitted that the sanctions exist.  You are now opening the door
to people simply ignoring papal decisions, claiming to be truly
obeying by disobeying, and to be in communion while excommunicated.
This would seem to be precisely the denial of Divine right to command
that you say defines schism.
I am involve in a Distant Learning project and am in need
of Jpeg and Mpeg encode/decode source and object code.
This is a NOT-FOR PROFIT project that once completed I
hope to release to other educational and institutional
learning centers.
This project requires that TRUE photographic images be sent
over plain telephone lines. In addition if there is a REAL Good
GUI lib with 3D objects and all types of menu classes that can
be use at both end of the transaction (Server and Terminal End)
I would like to hear about it.
 
We recently posted an RFD announcing the OTG (Open Telematic Group)
that will concern itself with the developement of such application
and that it would incorporate NAPLPS, JPEG, MPEG, Voice, IVR, FAX
Sprites, Animation(fli, flc, etc...).
At present only DOS and UNIX environment is being worked on and it
our hope that we can generate enough interest where all the major
platform can be accomodated via a plaform independent API/TOOLKIT/SDK
We are of the mind that it is about time that such project and group
be form to deal with these issues.
We want to setup a repository where these files may be access such as
Simte20 and start putting together a OTG FAQ.
If you have some or any information that in your opinion would be 
of interest to the OTG community and you like to see included in our
first FAQ please send it email to the address below.
 
Thanks in Advance
 
Ed
P.O. box 95901
Atlanta Ga. 30347-0901
(404)985-1198 zyxel 14.4
epimntl@world.std.com 
ed.pimentel@gisatl.fidonet.org




I don't know why it is so obvious.  We are not speaking of acts of the 
flesh.  We are just speaking of emotions.  Emotions are not of themselves
moral or immoral, good or bad.  Emotions just are.  The first step is
not to label his emotion as good or bad or to numb ourselves so that
we hide our true feelings, it is to accept ourselves as we are, as God
accepts us.  It seems that Paul's anger he has accepted and channeled
it to a plea to all of us to refrain from passing judgement on those
afflicted with a disease and to reach out to others.  Give in?  Calling
his arguments foolish, belittling them to only quarrels, avoiding action
because of fear to give others a bad feeling, he's not forgiving?

Re-think it, Aaron.  Don't be quick to judge.  He has forgiven those with
AIDS, he has dealt with and taken responsibility for his feelings and made
appropriate choices for action on such feelings.  He has not given in to
his anger.
(Dean and I write lots and lots about absolute truth and arrogance.)


I agree that we'll probably never agree, and I'm starting to feel 
frustrated, and I'm tired of having my conversations with my husband 
dominated by this topic (just kidding, :-)).

I do have to say, though, that participating in this discussion has been
a good learning experience for me.  My views on this topic have evolved
and clarified through this, and I suspect that we may not disagree as 
much as we think. 

I admit that I'm strongly prejudiced against evangelical Christianity,
and I may not always be rational in my reactions to it.  I grew up
in EC, and went to an EC college.  It was definitely the wrong place
for me, and I react strongly to any implication that EC or conservative
Christianity has any sort of stronghold on true Christianity.  I shudder 
when I remember the condescending attitude I had about other Christians 
who didn't adhere to the EC model.

I have come to see that my real objection to this whole notion of 
absolute truth is the actions I have seen it lead to.  I have had some 
very bad experiences with evangelical Christians claiming to know the 
truth, and judging me or others based on their belief that they have 
the answers.  Knowing the truth doesn't seem to leave a whole lot of 
room for others' opinions.

I can accept your belief in absolute truth as long as you* don't try to 
use that belief to try to force others to comply with it, and you are 
very careful that you don't hurt others with it.  Love your neighbor 
seems to go totally out the window when one knows the truth and believes 
that everyone should be living by that truth.  Other people have 
convictions about the truth every bit as strong and sincere as yours, 
based on careful searching, prayer, and their relationship with God.  
Don't dismiss them because God didn't lead them to the same conclusions 
as yours.

*This is not directed personally at you, Dean.

First by his fruits.  The messiah comes to build the kingdom of heaven
on the earth.  He also comes to first reveal the root cause of
original sin (fallen nature) and then provide a means to cut the
connection to that original sin.  He also wants to create world peace
based on Godism.  The messiah's teachings will build on the foundation
of the Bible but provide profound new insights into the nature of God,
the fall of man, the purpose of creation, and God's providence of
restoration.  It will also provide a foundation for the unity of all
the World's religions.

Many Christians expect Jesus to come on literal clouds, so they may
miss him when he returns. Just as the Jewish people missed Jesus 2000
years ago.  They are still waiting for his first coming.  The Jewish
people of that age expected Elijah to come first.  Jesus said that
John the Baptist was Elijah. But John the Baptist denied that he was
Elijah.  (How did this reflect on Jesus?)  Later in prison John even
questioned who Jesus was: "is he the one who is to come or do we look
for another". (see book of Matthew)


David Koresh didn't even come close.  The problem is that people like
this make it difficult for people to believe and trust in the real
Messiah when he does show up.


Very good point and perhaps the most important point of all for
Christians: How to recognize the Second Coming?

The Messiah should not claim to be God.  What sets a Messiah apart is
that he is born without original sin.  He is not born perfect but
achieves perfection after a period of growth.  Adam and Eve were born
sinless but they fell, and this tragedy meant that it would take God
thousands of years to create the kingdom of heaven on the earth as God
originally intended.  God's restoration providence is still not
complete.  The messiah is the true Son of God, one with God, God's
representative on the earth, but not God himself.  There is only one
God.

...



Who else in this world is claiming to be the Messiah.  Maybe he's already here.
I am currently looking for a 3D graphics library that runs on MS
Windows 3.1.  Are there any such libraries out there other than
Visuallib?  (It must run on VGA and should not require any other
add-on graphics cards).

For Visuallib, will it run with Metaware High C compiler v3.0?  Any
email contact for the author of Visuallib?

Any help would be much appreciated.  Thanks.





					Pardon me, a humble atheist, but exactly what is the difference
between holding a revealed truth with blind faith as its basis (i.e.
regardless of any evidence that you may find to the contrary) as an
absolute truth, fully expecting people to believe you and arrogance?

     They sound like one and the same to me.

     And nearly every time I meet a christian (or for that matter, any
other theist) who tries to convert me, I find this proven over and over
again.

     I see no wisdom whatsoever in your words


                                       Unfaithfully yours,

                                       Pixie


     p.s.  If you do sincerely believe that a god exists, why do you follow
it blindly?  

     Do the words "Question Authority" mean anything to you?


	"Thinking if I could see, I would believe. Then someone said

Is it right??? That is new stuff for me. So it means that  you just can 
not put a sattellite around around the Moon for too long because its 
orbit will be unstable??? If so, what is the reason??? Is that because 
the combined gravitacional atraction of the Sun,Moon and Earth 
that does not provide a stable  orbit around the Moon???

 C.O.EGALON@LARC.NASA.GOV

C.O.Egalon@larc.nasa.gov
I sent off for my copy today...   Snail Mail.   Hope to get it back in
about ten days.  (Impulse said "a week".)

I hope it's as good as they claim...

Jim Nobles

 ^^^^^^^^^ ^^^ ^^^^^ ^^^^^

 Can we assume that this guy studied advertising and not chemistry?  Granted 
it probably a great advertising gimic, but it doesn't sound at all practical.



I have seen Jeff Fenholt speak and I didn't find him judgemental.  I think
that the wording for that add was certainly inappropriate, but I think they
were trying to say that headbangers would like the program.  But I would
NOT put headbangers in the same class as alcholics, etc.  it is
condescending.  And I believe that Jeff was wearing black when I saw him.

By the way, Fenholt played Jesus in Jesus Christ Superstar.

Personally, I'm a headbanger at times too, but I have a hard time with what
most of the secular metal groups promote.  Free sex and drugs (my opinion
that many promote these) aren't my thing.  I HAVE found several good
Christian metal groups that I like.


Jon

------------------------------------------------
Jon Ogden         - jono@mac-ak-24.rtsg.mot.com
Motorola Cellular - Advanced Products Division
Voice: 708-632-2521      Data: 708-632-6086
------------------------------------------------

Short reply:  We can never achieve perfect health, yet we always strive for it.  
We don't seek to do God's will because we're forced to, we follow His way 
because His way is best.  The reason it's hard is because we are flawed, not 
because He's unreasonable.  But we seek to follow His way because we want to 
improve ourselves and our lives.
Concerning the proposed newsgroup split, I personally am not in favor of
   doing this.  I learn an awful lot about all aspects of graphics by reading
   this group, from code to hardware to algorithms.  I just think making 5
   different groups out of this is a wate, and will only result in a few posts
   a week per group.  I kind of like the convenience of having one big forum
   for discussing all aspects of graphics.  Anyone else feel this way?
   Just curious.

I disagree.  You could learn the same amount by reading all the
split groups, and it would make things easier for those of us
who are less omnivorous.  There is no "waste" in creating news
groups -- its just a bit of shuffling about.  I have no problem
with only a few posts per week per group - I spend too much time
on this as it is.
<stuff deleted>

You mean like: seconds, minutes, hours, days, months, years. . .  :-)

Remember,  the Fahrenheit temperature scale is also a centigrade scale.  Some
revisionists tell the history something like this:  The coldest point in a
particular Russian winter was marked on the thermometer as was the body
temperature of a volunteer (turns out he was sick, but you can't win 'em all).
Then the space in between the marks on the thermometer was then divided into
hundredths.
								:-)

FWIW,

Doug Page


Yes, he was.  He also played Jesus in "Jesus Christ Superstar" before 
he became a Christian.  He played in Black Sabbath right after he first 
got saved, but then left it.

Unless I'm imaging things, (always a possibility =) 1992 QB1, the Kuiper Belt
object discovered last year, is known as Smiley.

The concept of God as a teacher is indeed interesting. Does He grade on
a curve, does He cheat? That is interesting. Not to mention thought
provoking. My own concept is that He is a Father and we are His
children. In that He loves us, with a love that we can never understand
until we are with Him. The Bible says that He looks on the heart as the
final measure. From that perspective, in a grading context, the heart is
the final test.
Specifically, most Christians would agree that there is only one Heaven
and one Hell. From that perspective, it is Heaven or Hell. You either go
to one or the other. The "grading" on a pass/fail basis is done by God
the Father with intervention by Jesus the Son. Not by others. For only
God sees the heart. The Bible says of the heart, "...who can know it." I
would say there has always been, and always be, an unchanging method.
That is what makes a relationship with Christ so secure. In an uncertain
and ever changing landscape He is always the same. Yesterday, today and
tomorrow. Concerning whether or not our childhoods are considerd as part
of the test, my own conviction is no. Were that the case I certainly
wouldn't be going to Heaven. The Bible speaks very plainly about the
love and care Jesus had for and about children. The reality is that we
are all children. Some of us just have bigger bodies and grey hair. But
the Father, our Father is always there. Like most Fathers He wants only
the best for His own. There maybe decipline, but there is more love.
It's sometimes looks like Christianity is a test, to see who makes it
and who doesn't. Those who do pass=Heaven, and those who don't go to the
other place. But it is really much more than that...
There are few experts. Most of us are just travelers looking for the
light and the way Home. Praying that we can bring others with us.



I've just had the good fortune to be hired by Electronic Arts as Senior
Computer Graphics Artist at the Vancouver, Canada office.  :^)

The timing has a lot to do with the 3DO which EA is putting a lot of resources
into.  I do not know of any titles to be developed as yet but will be happy to
post as things develop.  I start there May 3.
I don't have nor Imagine nor Real 3d, but as old
Amiga user I think you should take a look also to 
Real 3d 2.0 for the Amiga. I saw Imagine 2.0 on the
Amiga for a long time at my friend's home, and
I've seen R3D 2.0 in action at Bit.Movie 93 in Riccione,
Italy (an Italian Computer Graphics Contest).
Many professionals using 3d Studio on PC, SoftImage
for Silicon Graphics and Imagine on the Amiga were 
*VERY IMPRESSED* by the power of this programs.
Sorry, I've lost the posting with full description 
of features of this great program.

For more informations give a look in comp.sys.amiga.graphics.

Representative of Activa International told me that
it will be out in 2 weeks for the Amiga and that
PC MS-Windows, Silicon Indigo and Unix version are 
under development.

Ciao,
	Sergio





...text of options "A" and "B" deleted...


Only 10KW?


Ha!  "North America Modular SPACE STATION construction" :-)
Same apprach, same reasoning: "construction occurs under assembly
line conditions, no random weather problems interupting site-work
on your home - better quality control" -- sounds like first "-"
point above :-)

Somehow I have a strange attraction for this idea (living in
a modular home maybe has altered my mind).  The only thing
that scares me is the part about simply strapping 3 SSME's and
a nosecone on it and "just launching it."  I have this vision
of something going terribly wrong with the launch resulting in the
complete loss of the new modular space station (not just a peice of
it as would be the case with staged in-orbit construction).

 
(Deletion)
 
Since this drivel is also crossposted to alt.atheism, how about reading
the alt.atheism FAQ? The Josephus quote is concidered to be a fake even
by Christian historians, and the four gospels contradict each other in
important points.

Level 5 refers to the Carnegie-Mellon Software Engineering Institute's
Capability Maturity Model.  This model rates software development
org's from1-5.  with 1 being Chaotic and 5 being Optimizing.  DoD is
beginning to use this rating system as a discriminator in contracts.  I
have more data on thifrom 1 page to 1000.  I have a 20-30 page
presentation that summarizes it wethat I could FAX to you if you're
interested...
Bret Wingert
Wingert@VNET.IBM.COM
I have come across what I consider to be an excellent tract. It is a
bit lengthy for a posting, but I thought I'd share it with all of you
anyway. Feel free to pass it along to anyone whom you feel might
benefit from what it says. May God richly bless those who read it.
 
=======================================================================
 
                   D O E S  G O D  L O V E  Y O U ?
 
 
Q. What  kind  of  question  is that?   Anyone who can read sees signs,
   tracts, books, and bumper stickers that say, "God Loves You."  Isn't
   that true?
 
A. It  is  true that God offers His love to the whole world, as we read
   in one of the most quoted verses in the Bible:
 
      For  God  so  loved  the world, that he gave his only begotten
      Son, that whosoever believeth in him should  not  perish,  but
      have everlasting life.                               John 3:16
 
 
      The way of the wicked is an abomination unto the LORD:  but he
      loveth him that followeth after righteousness.   Proverbs 15:9
 
      For  the LORD knoweth the way of the righteous: but the way of
      the ungodly shall perish.                            Psalm 1:6
 
 
Q. But  I am not wicked.  I am a decent, moral person.  Surely the good
   I have done in my life far outweighs whatever bad I have done.   How
   can these verses apply to me?
 
A. By  God's  standard  of  righteousness even the most moral person is
   looked upon by God as a desperate sinner on his way to  Hell.    The
   Bible teaches that no one is good enough in himself to go to Heaven.
   On  the  contrary,  we  are all sinners and we are all guilty before
   God.
 
      As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:  There
      is  none  that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after
      God.                                            Romans 3:10-11
 
      The  heart  is  deceitful  above  all  things, and desperately
      wicked: who can know it?                         Jeremiah 17:9
 
 
Q. If I am such a wicked person in God's sight, what will God do to me?
 
A. The  Bible  teaches that at the end of the world all the wicked will
   come under eternal punishment in a place called Hell.
 
      For  a  fire is kindled in mine anger, and shall burn unto the
      lowest hell, and shall consume the earth  with  her  increase,
      and set on fire the foundations of the mountains.  I will heap
      mischiefs upon them; I will spend mine arrows upon them.  They
      shall  be  burnt  with hunger, and devoured with burning heat,
      and  with  bitter  destruction:  I will also send the teeth of
      beasts upon them, with the poison of serpents of the dust.
                                                Deuteronomy 32:22-24
 
 
Q. Oh,  come  on now!   Hell is not real, is it?  Surely things are not
   that bad.
 
A. Indeed,  Hell is very real, and things are that bad for the individ-
   ual who does not know the Lord Jesus Christ as Savior.    The  Bible
   makes  many  references  to Hell, indicating that it is both eternal
   and consists of perpetual suffering.
 
      And  whosoever  was  not found written in the book of life was
      cast into the lake of fire.                   Revelation 20:15
 
      So  shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come
      forth, and sever the wicked from among  the  just,  And  shall
      cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and
      gnashing of teeth.                            Matthew 13:49-50
 
      ...    when  the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with
      his mighty angels, In flaming fire taking  vengeance  on  them
      that  know  not  God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord
      Jesus   Christ:    Who  shall  be  punished  with  everlasting
      destruction  from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory
      of his power;                            2 Thessalonians 1:7-9
 
 
Q. That is terrible!  Why would God create a Hell?
 
A. Hell  is  terrible,  and  it  exists  because  God created man to be
   accountable to God for his actions.  God's perfect  justice  demands
   payment for sin.
 
      For the wages of sin is death;                     Romans 6:23
 
      For  we  must  all  appear before the judgment seat of Christ;
      that every one may  receive  the  things  done  in  his  body,
      according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad.
                                                  2 Corinthians 5:10
 
      But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak,
      they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.
                                                       Matthew 12:36
 
 
Q. Does that mean that at the end of the world everyone will be brought
   to life again to be judged and then to be sent to Hell?
 
A. Indeed  it  does;  that  is,  unless  we  can find someone to be our
   substitute in bearing the punishment of eternal  damnation  for  our
   sins.    That  someone  is  God  Himself, who came to earth as Jesus
   Christ to bear the wrath of God for all who believe in Him.
 
      All  we  like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one
      to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity  of
      us all.                                            Isaiah 53:6
 
      But  he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for
      our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace  was  upon  him;
      and with his stripes we are healed.                Isaiah 53:5
 
      For  I  delivered  unto  you  first  of  all that which I also
      received, how that Christ died for our sins according  to  the
      scriptures; And that he was buried, and that he rose again the
      third day according to the scriptures:    1 Corinthians 15:3-4
 
      For  he  hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that
      we might be made the righteousness of God in him.
                                                  2 Corinthians 5:21
 
 
Q. Are  you  saying that if I trust in Christ as my substitute, Who was
   already punished for my sins, then I will not have  to  worry  about
   Hell anymore?
 
A. Yes, this is so!  If I have believed in Christ as my Savior, then it
   is  as  if  I  have already stood before the Judgment Throne of God.
   Christ as my substitute has already paid for my sins.
 
      He  that  believeth  on  the Son hath everlasting life: and he
      that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but  the  wrath
      of God abideth on him.                               John 3:36
 
 
Q. But  what  does it mean to believe on Him?  If I agree with all that
   the Bible says about Christ as Savior, then am I saved from going to
   Hell?
 
A. Believing  on  Christ  means  a  whole lot more than agreeing in our
   minds with the truths of the Bible.  It means that we hang our whole
   lives  on Him.   It means that we entrust every part of our lives to
   the  truths  of the Bible.  It means that we turn away from our sins
   and serve Christ as our Lord.
 
      No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one,
      and  love  the  other;  or  else  he will hold to the one, and
      despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.
                                                        Matthew 6:24
 
      Repent  ye  therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be
      blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from  the
      presence of the Lord;                                Acts 3:19
 
 
Q. Are  you  saying  that  there  is no other way to escape Hell except
   through Jesus?   What about all the other  religions?    Will  their
   followers also go to Hell?
 
A. Yes, indeed.  They cannot escape the fact that God holds us account-
   able  for  our  sins.   God demands that we pay for our sins.  Other
   religions  cannot  provide  a  substitute  to bear the sins of their
   followers.  Christ is the only one who is able to bear our guilt and
   save us.
 
      Neither  is  there  salvation  in any other: for there is none
      other name under heaven given among men, whereby  we  must  be
      saved.                                               Acts 4:12
 
 
      I  am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the
      Father, but by me.                                   John 14:6
 
      If  we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us
      our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
                                                          1 John 1:9
 
 
Q. Now I am desperate.  I do not want to go to Hell.  What can I do?
 
A. You  must  remember  that God is the only one who can help you.  You
   must throw yourself altogether on the mercies of God.   As  you  see
   your hopeless condition as a sinner, cry out to God to save you.
 
      And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much
      as  his  eyes  unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying,
      God be merciful to me a sinner.                     Luke 18:13
 
      ...  Sirs, what must I do to be saved?  And they said, Believe
      on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, ...
                                                       Acts 16:30-31
 
 
Q. But how can I believe on Christ if I know so little about Him?
 
A. Wonderfully,  God  not  only saves us through the Lord Jesus, but He
   also gives us the faith to believe on Him.  You can pray to God that
   He will give you faith in Jesus Christ as your Savior.
 
      For  by  grace  are  ye  saved  through faith; and that not of
      yourselves: it is the gift of God:               Ephesians 2:8
 
   God works particularly through the Bible to give us that faith.  So,
   if  you  really  mean  business  with  God about your salvation, you
   should  use  every opportunity to hear and study the Bible, which is
   the only Word of God.
   In  this  brochure,  all  verses  from the Bible are within indented
   paragraphs.  Give heed to them with all your heart.
 
      So  then  faith  cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of
      God.                                              Romans 10:17
 
 
Q. But does this mean that I have to surrender everything to God?
 
A. Yes.    God wants us to come to Him in total humility, acknowledging
   our sinfulness and our helplessness, trusting totally in Him.
 
      The  sacrifices  of  God  are  a broken spirit: a broken and a
      contrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise.      Psalm 51:17
 
   Because  we  are sinners we love our sins.  Therefore, we must begin
   to pray to God for an intense  hatred  of  our  sins.    And  if  we
   sincerely desire salvation, we will also begin to turn from our sins
   as  God  strengthens  us.    We know that our sins are sending us to
   Hell.
 
      Unto  you  first God, having raised up his Son Jesus, sent him
      to bless you, in turning  away  every  one  of  you  from  his
      iniquities.                                          Acts 3:26
 
 
Q. Doesn't  the  Bible teach that I must attend church regularly and be
   baptized?  Will these save me?
 
A. If  possible,  we should do these things, but they will not save us.
   No work of any kind can secure our salvation.   Salvation  is  God's
   sovereign gift of grace given according to His mercy and good pleas-
   ure.  Salvation is
 
      Not of works, lest any man should boast.         Ephesians 2:9
 
 
Q. What else will happen at the end of the world?
 
A. Those  who have trusted in Jesus as their Savior will be transformed
   into their glorious eternal bodies and will be with Christ  forever-
   more.
 
      For  the  Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout,
      with the voice of the archangel, and with the  trump  of  God:
      and  the  dead  in Christ shall rise first:  Then we which are
      alive  and remain shall be caught up together with them in the
      clouds,  to meet the Lord in the air:  and so shall we ever be
      with the Lord.                         1 Thessalonians 4:16-17
 
 
Q. What will happen to the earth at that time?
 
A. God  will destroy the entire universe by fire and create new heavens
   and a new earth where Christ will reign with His believers  forever-
   more.
 
      But  the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in
      the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise,  and
      the  elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and
      the   works  that  are  therein  shall  be  burned  up.    ...
      Nevertheless  we,  according  to  his  promise,  look  for new
      heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.
                                                     2 Peter 3:10,13
 
 
Q. Does  the  Bible  give us any idea of when the end of the earth will
   come?
 
A. Yes!    The end will come when Christ has saved all whom He plans to
   save.
 
      And  this  gospel  of the kingdom shall be preached in all the
      world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall  the  end
      come.                                            Matthew 24:14
 
 
Q. Can we know how close to the end of the world we might be?
 
A. Yes!   God gives much information in the Bible concerning the timing
   of the history of the world and tells us that while the Day  of  the
   Lord  will come as a thief in the night for the unsaved, it will not
   come  as  a  thief for the believers.  There is much evidence in the
   Bible  that  the  end  of  the world and the return of Christ may be
   very, very close.* All the time clues in the Bible point to this.
 
      For  when  they  shall  say,  Peace  and  safety;  then sudden
      destruction cometh upon them, as travail  upon  a  woman  with
      child; and they shall not escape.          1 Thessalonians 5:3
 
      Surely  the  Lord  GOD  will  do nothing, but he revealeth his
      secret unto his servants the prophets.                Amos 3:7
 
 
Q. But that means Judgment Day is almost here.
 
A. Yes,  it  does.    God  warned  ancient Nineveh that He was going to
   destroy that great city and He gave them forty days warning.
 
      And Jonah began to enter into the city a day's journey, and he
      cried,  and  said,  Yet  forty  days,  and  Nineveh  shall  be
      overthrown.                                          Jonah 3:4
 
 
Q. What did the people of Nineveh do?
 
A. From  the  king on down they humbled themselves before God, repented
   of their sins, and cried to God for mercy.
 
      But  let  man  and  beast  be  covered with sackcloth, and cry
      mightily unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his  evil
      way,  and  from  the violence that is in their hands.  Who can
      tell  if  God  will  turn  and  repent, and turn away from his
      fierce anger, that we perish not?                  Jonah 3:8-9
 
 
Q. Did God hear their prayers?
 
A. Yes.  God saved a great many people of Nineveh.
 
 
Q. Can  I still cry to God for mercy so that I will not come into judg-
   ment?
 
A. Yes.   There is still time to become saved even though that time has
   become very short.
 
      How  shall  we escape, if we neglect so great salvation; which
      at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed
      unto us by them that heard him;                    Hebrews 2:3
 
      In  God is my salvation and my glory: the rock of my strength,
      and my refuge, is in God.   Trust in  him  at  all  times;  ye
      people,  pour  out  your heart before him: God is a refuge for
      us.                                               Psalm 62:7-8
 
 
 
 
            A R E  Y O U  R E A D Y  T O  M E E T  G O D ?
 
 
 
A  book  entitled  1994?,  written by Harold Camping, presents Biblical
information that we may be very near the end of time.  For  information
on  how to obtain a copy or to receive a free program guide and list of
radio  stations on which you can hear our Gospel programs, please write
to Family Radio, Oakland, California, 94621 (The United States of Amer-
ica), or call 1-800-543-1495.
 
               ----------------------------------------
 
 
The  foregoing  is a copy of the "Does God Love You?" tract printed by,
and available free of charge from, Family Radio.   A  number  of  minor
changes  have  been  made to its layout to facilitate computer printing
and  distribution.  The only change to the text itself is the paragraph
which  describes  the  way in which Biblical passages appear within the
text.    In  the  original  tract they appear in italic lettering; they
appear here as indented paragraphs.
 
 
I have read Mr. Camping's book, compared it with what the Bible actual-
ly  says, find it to be the most credible research with respect to what
the  future holds that I have ever come across, and agree with him that
there  is just too much data to ignore.  While none of us is guaranteed
one  more  second  of  life, and while we, therefore, should take these
matters  very seriously regardless of when Christ will actually return,
it  would appear that our natural tendency to postpone caring about our
eternal  destiny  until we feel that our death is imminent is even more
senseless  now  because,  in  all  likelihood, the law of averages with
respect  to life expectancy no longer applies.  If you wish to obtain a
copy  of  this book so that you can check out these facts for yourself,
you may find the following information helpful:
 
      title:       1994?
      author:      Harold Camping
      publisher:   Vantage Press
      distributor: Baker and Taylor
      ISBN:        0-533-10368-1
 
 
I  have  chosen  to share this tract with you because I whole-heartedly
agree with everything it declares and feel that now, perhaps more  than
ever  before,  this information must be made known.  To paraphrase Acts
20:27,  it  does not shun to declare unto us all the counsel of God.  I
am  always  willing  to  discuss  the  eternal truths of the Bible with
anyone who is interested as I believe them to be the only issues of any
real  importance since we will spend, comparatively speaking, so little
time  on this side of the grave and so much on the other.  Feel free to
get in touch with me at any time:
 
      e-mail: davem@bnr.ca
      office: 1-613-765-4671
      home:   1-613-726-0014
Is Impulse shipping IMAGINE for the PC386/486?  How close is it to the
Amiga's IMAGINE 2.0, in terms of features?

Writer Kathy Sawyer reported in today's Washington Post that Joseph Shea, the 
head of the space station redesign has resigned for health reasons.

Shea was hospitalized shortly after his selection in February.  He returned
yesterday to lead the formal presentation to the independent White House panel.
Shea's presentation was rambling and almost inaudible.

Shea's deputy, former astronaut Bryan O'Connor, will take over the effort.

Goldin asserted that the redesign effort is on track.


Paradise and salvation are not the same thing.  Salvation is better.  Refer
to John 14:2.
Pardon me if this is the wrong newsgroup.  I would describe myself as
an agnostic, in so far as I'm sure there is no single, universal
supreme being, but if there is one and it is just, we will surely be
judged on whether we lived good lives, striving to achieve that
goodness that is within the power of each of us.  Now, the
complication is that one of my best friends has become very
fundamentalist.  That would normally be a non-issue with me, but he
feels it is his responsibility to proselytize me (which I guess it is,
according to his faith).  This is a great strain to our friendship.  I
would have no problem if the subject didn't come up, but when it does,
the discussion quickly begins to offend both of us: he is offended
because I call into question his bedrock beliefs; I am offended by
what I feel is a subscription to superstition, rationalized by such
circular arguments as 'the Bible is God's word because He tells us in
the Bible that it is so.'  So my question is, how can I convince him
that this is a subject better left undiscussed, so we can preserve
what is (in all areas other than religious beliefs) a great
friendship?  How do I convince him that I am 'beyond saving' so he
won't try?  Thanks for any advice.


Having met Peter Kingston (of WBT) some years back, he struck me 
as an exemplery and dedicated Christian whose main concern was with
translation of the Word of God and the welfare of the people
group he was serving.
WBT literature is concerned mainly with providing Scripture
in minority languages.

The sort of criticism leveled at an organisation such as this
along the lines of "ideological manipulation and cultural
interference" is probably no more than Christianising and
education - in this WBT will stand alongside the early Christian
missionaries to parts of Africa, or those groups who worked
among native Americans a couple hundred years ago.

I think you need to substantiate these attacks as being a
legitimate criticism of priorities other than spreading the
gospel among underdeveloped people.
Where could I find a description of the JPG file format?  Specifically
I need to know where in a JPG file I can find the height and width of 
the image, and perhaps even the number of colors being used.

Any suggestions?

Peter





Not to worry.  The Masons have been demonized and harrassed by almost 
every major Xian church there is.  For centuries now.  And still they 
stand.  They wil withstand the miserable Southern Boobtists, I am sure.
They may even pick up a little support as people start to listen to the 
Boobtists and realize that subtracting the obvious lies and claims of 
Satanism that the Masons sound pretty good by comparison.  One thing is 
known.  A sizable proportion of Southern Babtists are Masons!  And the 
Masons have already fired back in their own magazines against the 
Boobtist Witch-hunt.
  Since the Consrervatives have already been a divisive element with 
their war on Boobtist moderates and liberals, they may now start in on 
their Mason/Boobtist brothers and hasten their own downfall as more and 
more Southern Boobtists realize their church can't stand being run by a 
handful of clowns looking for holy civil wars and purity tests and drop 
'em out of the leadership positions they have taken over.
  So as far as I am concerned, the louder, ruder, and more outrageous 
an Anti-Masonic Crusade these old goats mount, the better.

Pop some pocorn and get a center row seat.  The circus is about to begin.
And, Oh Look!  HERE COME THE CLOWNS!


Pope Charles    Slack!

Sterrenkundig symposium 'Compacte Objecten'
                                             op 26 april 1993


In het jaar 1643, zeven jaar na de oprichting van de
Universiteit van Utrecht, benoemde de universiteit haar
eerste sterrenkundige waarnemer. Hiermee ontstond de tweede
universiteitssterrenwacht ter wereld. Aert Jansz, de eerste
waarnemer, en zijn opvolgers voerden de Utrechtse sterrenkunde
in de daaropvolgende jaren, decennia en eeuwen naar de
voorhoede van het astronomisch onderzoek. Dit jaar is het 350
jaar geleden dat deze historische benoeming plaatsvond.

De huidige generatie Utrechtse sterrenkundigen en studenten
sterrenkunde, verenigd in het Sterrekundig Instituut Utrecht,
vieren de benoeming van hun 'oervader' middels een breed scala
aan feestelijke activiteiten. Zo is er voor scholieren een
planetenproject, programmeert de Studium Generale een aantal
voordrachten met een sterrenkundig thema en wordt op de Dies
Natalis aan een astronoom een eredoctoraat uitgereikt. Er
staat echter meer op stapel.

Studenten natuur- en sterrenkunde kunnen op 26 april aan een
sterrenkundesymposium deelnemen. De onderwerpen van het
symposium zijn opgebouwd rond een van de zwaartepunten van het
huidige Utrechtse onderzoek: het onderzoek aan de zogeheten
'compacte objecten', de eindstadia in de evolutie van sterren.
Bij de samenstelling van het programma is getracht de
deelnemer een zo aktueel en breed mogelijk beeld te geven van
de stand van zaken in het onderzoek aan deze eindstadia. In de
eerste, inleidende lezing zal dagvoorzitter prof. Lamers een
beknopt overzicht geven van de evolutie van zware sterren,
waarna de zeven overige sprekers in lezingen van telkens een
half uur nader op de specifieke evolutionaire eindprodukten
zullen ingaan. Na afloop van elke lezing is er gelegenheid tot
het stellen van vragen. Het dagprogramma staat afgedrukt op
een apart vel.
Het niveau van de lezingen is afgestemd op tweedejaars
studenten natuur- en sterrenkunde. OOK ANDERE BELANGSTELLENDEN
ZIJN VAN HARTE WELKOM!

Tijdens de lezing van prof. Kuijpers zullen, als alles goed
gaat, de veertien radioteleskopen van de Radiosterrenwacht
Westerbork worden ingezet om via een directe verbinding tussen
het heelal, Westerbork en Utrecht het zwakke radiosignaal van
een snel roterende kosmische vuurtoren, een zogeheten pulsar,
in de symposiumzaal door te geven en te audiovisualiseren.
Prof. Kuijpers zal de binnenkomende signalen (elkaar snel
opvolgende scherp gepiekte pulsen radiostraling) bespreken en
trachten te verklaren.
Het slagen van dit unieke experiment staat en valt met de
technische haalbaarheid ervan. De op te vangen signalen zijn
namelijk zo zwak, dat pas na een waarnemingsperiode van 10
miljoen jaar genoeg energie is opgevangen om een lamp van 30
Watt een seconde te laten branden! Tijdens het symposium zal
er niet zo lang gewacht hoeven te worden: de hedendaagse
technologie stelt ons in staat live het heelal te beluisteren.

Deelname aan het symposium kost f 4,- (exclusief lunch) en
f 16,- (inclusief lunch). Inschrijving geschiedt door het
verschuldigde bedrag over te maken op ABN-AMRO rekening
44.46.97.713 t.n.v. stichting 350 JUS. Het gironummer van de
ABN-AMRO bank Utrecht is 2900. Bij de inschrijving dient te
worden aangegeven of men lid is van de NNV. Na inschrijving
wordt de symposiummap toegestuurd. Bij inschrijving na
31 maart vervalt de mogelijkheid een lunch te reserveren.

Het symposium vindt plaats in Transitorium I,
Universiteit Utrecht.

Voor meer informatie over het symposium kan men terecht bij
Henrik Spoon, p/a S.R.O.N., Sorbonnelaan 2, 3584 CA Utrecht.
Tel.: 030-535722. E-mail: henriks@sron.ruu.nl.



******* DAGPROGRAMMA **************************************


 9:30   ONTVANGST MET KOFFIE & THEE

10:00   Opening
           Prof. dr. H.J.G.L.M. Lamers (Utrecht)

10:10   Dubbelster evolutie
           Prof. dr. H.J.G.L.M. Lamers

10:25   Radiopulsars
           Prof. dr. J.M.E. Kuijpers (Utrecht)

11:00   Pulsars in dubbelster systemen
           Prof. dr. F. Verbunt (Utrecht)

11:50   Massa & straal van neutronensterren
           Prof. dr. J. van Paradijs (Amsterdam)

12:25   Theorie van accretieschijven
           Drs. R.F. van Oss (Utrecht)

13:00   LUNCH

14:00   Hoe zien accretieschijven er werkelijk uit?
           Dr. R.G.M. Rutten (Amsterdam)

14:35   Snelle fluktuaties bij accretie op neutronensterren
        en zwarte gaten
           Dr. M. van der Klis (Amsterdam)

15:10   THEE & KOFFIE

15:30   Zwarte gaten: knippen en plakken met ruimte en tijd
           Prof. dr. V. Icke (leiden)

16:05   afsluiting

16:25   BORREL

Has anyone heard of or Played Buzz Aldrin's Race into Space?

Does anyone know when it is expected to be released...?

If I read you right, you're saying in essence that, with a larger
economy, nations will have more discretionary funds to *waste*
on a lunar facility. That was certainly partially the case with Apollo, 
but real Lunar colonies will probably require a continuing military,
scientific, or commercial reason for being rather than just a "we have 
the money, why not?" approach.

It's conceivable that Luna will have a military purpose, it's possible
that Luna will have a commercial purpose, but it's most likely that
Luna will only have a scientific purpose for the next several hundred
years at least. Therefore, Lunar bases should be predicated on funding
levels little different from those found for Antarctic bases. Can you
put a 200 person base on the Moon for $30 million a year? Even if you
use grad students?

Gary
...

	It's amazing how everyone automatically blames one side or the other.
	One thing for sure:  Koresh will have no chance to defend himself
	against the statements (lacking in fact or COurt sponsored verification)
	made  by agents who participated in the situation that killed him.

		I don't know they murdered him; I also don't know
		that the Branch Davidians set a fire and suicidede.

		It is SICK of BATF or FBI spokepeople to make such
		comments in advance of forensic pathology.

	Stephen:  thank you.  God speed.  


	Yah.


	BINGO.  Am I the only one  to notice:
	a)	No peaceful attempt to serve a warrant.
	b)	Six months to develop a scene and six days to end it?
	c)	.... ah God:

			25 children
			at least 64 adults
			plus 6 at the beginning
			and more BATF agents

			all dead.


	Has anyone asked themselves these questions:

	1)  Have you seen the ENTIRE video sequences taken during the
	  opening rounds?  I seem to recall missing several key parts:
		a)  The first five minutes of day one; only the shooting
		  part comes out.
		b)  What happened to the Feds video units?  You mean they do
		  not carry helmet cams?  Wonder why not?
	2)   How is it you can have camera crews with live transmission
	  video present and NOT have an uninterrupted record?

		a)  You realize the units carry ittle bitty 8mm backups?
			That hold 90 minutes per unit?  And there are
			twounits on the professional handhelds (so no
			tape turnover gaps)?
		b)  Until all views are seen, it is premature to point
			fingers in either direction.

	As you well point out, Stephen.


	More on this below.


	Yes.  But it is so hard toremain human under the full
	pressure of hazard, game playing, and life.


	More to the point:  when someone dies (almost like it was intended
	that way), both sides will kill to maintain their innocence --
		a contradiction in terms.


	True.  Usually I pick the unpopular side and point out
	from the evidence seen what might have alternatively happened.


	This requires someone interested in God's Will.  Please note
	that the outstanding _overt_ problem in this country today
	is one where the Government:

		wants Caesar's coin to pay off the debt.


	Yes:  The AMerican People.  Not the Federal Government.
	ANd if it is not spent towards that end, _no_one_ deserves
	the coin.



	Yah.  Fewpeople hear the contradiction:

		Money
		made
		in the image
		of God


	I wish you were wrong.  Many pundits are saying 3 years.
	The onyl good thing to come out of my divorce (and my
	exposure to the Damned (pardon me) American Divorce Attorney
	is:

		I have no money left to lose to taxes or inflation.


	25 children dead.  If anyone thinks blaming Koresh -- or the BATF
	helps this any at all, is sick.  and wrong.

		The reason you can tell that the BATF may not be entirely
		straight on this is that the leaders at press conferences
		havew made ANY comments about even the POSSIBILITY that
		Koresh or his followers caused this.

		The BATF agentss are more concerned with their repuations
		and morals ("not my fault, Koresh did it!") than they
		are with:

			25 dead children.

	Same goes for Koresh & his followers - who are all (mostly) dead.


	More on power and favoritism.  (My personal opinion).

	Look to history:  whenever privilege has replaced whatever
	token of objective law and justice a society has had,

		Hitlerrs have followed.


	You do your name sake proud, Stephen.
	Its hard, but please keep on keeping on:
		each voice in the wilderness now will
		save a generation unborn from horror


	The day I _need_ a gun or abomb to protect myself in this
	society is the day that society is already beyond redemption

		and that aint' redundant, if you have any Christian
		belief aytall.

	... and the day that I cannot peacefully enjoin others in the
	act that Thoreau called Civil Disobedience to rectify the
	wrongs that my society practises, without undue harm or
	punishment befalling me, is the day that society has ceased to
	be a human society, and become a society of animals.

		We are _very_ cclose to that.


	Six years fighting an unjust COurt issue:  still struggling to be
	patient.

For those who like contrary questions:

	NB:  I was not there.  I am not a Branch Davidian nor a     law
	official hater.  I do hate liars or the six letter variety of same.
	The official side has its advocates already; lets balance the
	equation and asj a few questions on the other side, for the sake
	of an old saw the BATF abd FBI seem to want to bypass:

		innocent until proven guilty.
	not
		innocent until presumed guilty.

	1)  Where are the video tapes from the tanks?  ALL of them.

		Don't tell me they do not exist.  They are standard
		equipment.

	2)  So you think Koresh fired the place, because of the explosion?

		a)  Tear gas comes with an aerosol to spread it.  This
		  aerosol is DELIBERATELY made to be as non-flammable
		  as possible.  It is as non-flammable as possible.

			.... gotcha!

		  ... when in isolation from other substances.

		  WHy was a pipe deliveryu system used rather than remote
		  launchers?  WHy did the FBI not announce "this window,
		  blown in plus tear gas, five minutes; then the wall come
		  down", and maintain a left to right sequence?

		b)  Most aerosols also have a secondary compound, that when
		  mixed in, becomes a VERY flammable (and difficult to trace)
		  suspension, with a VERY special property:  exposure to
		  brief eruptions of high heat (muzzle blasts) or long
		  exposure to low heat (matches, a stove) will NOT tend
		  to ignite.

			What other chemicals come up in the forensics?
			Who else will be allowed to test the site?

		c)  After a few minutes to hours (ifdesired, the combnation
		  rate can be controlled as desired), the mixture can be made
		  to become veryignitable onb exposure to a temperature
		  above a certain point (a tracer round) for a certain
		  heat quantity (a small explosive charge) or for a length
		  of time (start a wall fire and wait).

			Check your military records; look at the tapes.
			Why were tanks (large capacity delivey systems),
			tear gas (why not somnorifics?), and now (why
			the hurry. was there still a comm channel open
			to the outside?).

			Do you see any trace of fire coming BACK to the
			compound in the videos?  ALL the videos?  Which ones
			are missing?

	Do I sound paranoid?  Maybe.  Am I? Probably not.
	You trust the FBI and BATF  to render judgement?
		IN advance of a Court?  God help us.
			(For we are surely not helping ourselves).
	You trut the Federal Gevernment to give us a clean slate?

		You are 4.3 trillion (admitted!) down and counting.
		Look again.

	Did it happen that way?  I do not know.  I was not there.
		AND IT SHOULD WAIT FOR A COURT TO DECIDE.
	But will that happen?  89 people will NOT have the chance
		to tell their side as the BATF leader was, on camera.

No one wins.  Except:  more force next time.

	Listen to your hearts, people.

Thanx again Stephen.

roy andrew crabtree
From the "JPL Universe"
April 23, 1993

VLBI project meets with international space agencies
The Roman Catholic conservatives are coming out in the open to line
up with Pat Robertson and his ultra Right Wing Christian Coalition.
Former Secretary of Education William Bennet, a Roman Catholic, stood
beside the Christian Coalition's spokesman Ralph Reed at a March 3
conference in Washington.  The purpose of the conference was to
publish results of a Christian Coalition poll which was designed
to prove that the Republican party would lose major support if it
backed away from the "Family Values" positons of the '92 convention.

Conservative Catholics have swung behind Robertson's organization
with political expertise, legal assistance and high tech communications
support.

The Catholic Campaign for  American, designed as a Catholic version
of the Moral Majority, was founded by Marlene Elwell and Tom Wykes.
Ms. Elwell has been with Robertson since the days of his Freedom
Council in 1985 and worked for him in his presidential bid in 1988.

Ms. Elwell was hired by Domino's Pizza magnate, Tom Monaghan, in 1989
to manage Legatus, a "nonpolitical", Catholic businessmen's group.
Membership is limited to Catholics who head corporations with a least $4
million in annual revenues.  Relying on a network of wealthy contacts
at Legatus, Elwell and Wykes had little trouble forming and funding the
Catholic Campaign.

The Campaign's list of national committee members includes U.S. Rep.
Robert K. Dornan, Phyllis Schlafly of the Eagle Forum, the lovely
Pat Buchanan and Rev. Richard J. Neuhaus.   Also on the national
committee is Keith Fournier, a Catholic who heads Pat Robertson's
American Center for Law and Justice.  Another Catholic, Thomas
Patrick Monaghan, senior counsel of Robertson's ACLJ, is also an
active supporter of the Catholic Campaign.

The board of directors includes Frank Shakespeare, broadcasting exec
and former U.S. ambassador to the Pope, Wall Street executive Frank
Lynch, former Reagan official Richard V. Allen, Bishop Rene Gracida
of Corpus Christi and Mary Ellen Bork, wife of unsuccessful Supreme
Court nominee Robert Bork.

In the Winter 1992 issue of _Campaign Update_ the organization's
quarterly newsletter, Rocco L. Martino, a Philadelphia business
that must finally be cast aside and replaced by the true meaning of
our constitution."

Oh yes, the organization's "national ecclesisatical advisor" is
Catholic politician Cardinal John J. O'Connor of New York.

Here is a computation I did a long time ago that computes the length
of the daylight.  You should be able to convert the information here
to sunrise and sunset times.

--
Rouben Rostamian                          Telephone: 410-455-2458
Department of Mathematics and Statistics  e-mail:
University of Maryland Baltimore County   bitnet: rostamian@umbc.bitnet
Baltimore, MD 21228, USA                  internet: rouben@math.umbc.edu
======================================================================
Definitions:

z = the tilt of the axis of the planet away from the normal to its
orbital plane.  In case of the Earth z is about 23.5 degrees, I think.
I do not recall the exact value.  In case of Uranus, z is almost
90 degrees.

u = latitude of the location where the length of the day is measured.
Paris is at about 45 degrees.  North pole is at 90.

a = angular position of the planet around the sun.  As a goes from
0 to 360 degrees, the planet makes a full circle around the sun.
The spring equinox occurs at a=0.

L = daylight fraction = (duration of daylight)/(duration of a full day).
On the equator (u=0) L is always 1/2.  Near the north pole (u=90 degrees)
L is sometimes one and sometimes zero, depending on the time of the year.

Computation:
Define the auxiliary angles p and q by:
sin p = sin a sin z
cos q = h ( tan u tan p ),       (0 < q < 180 degrees)

Conclusion:
L = q / 180   (if q is measured in degrees)
L = q / pi    (if q is measured in radians)

Wait!  But what is h?
The cutoff function h is defined as follows:

h (s) = s    if  |s| < 1
      = 1    if   s > 1
      = -1   if   s < 1

As an interesting exercise, plot L versus a.   The graph will shows
how the length of the daylight varies with the time of the year.
Experiment with various choices of latitudes and tilt angles.
Compare the behavior of the function at locations above and below
the arctic circle.



I don't know a whole lot on Proton, but given that it is a multi stage
rocket,  up to 4 stages, it may not really need the Centaur,  plus
it may end up seriously beating on said centaur.   

Also, the centaur is not small,  unless the Proton has an oversize
shroud you may not be able to get the centaur in under it.

Dennis,  you know much about this?

Tommy Frandsen's VGAlib (which is probably what you're talking about)
will do the standard VGA modes, some tweaked modes and then the Tseng
ET4000 Super VGA modes. I have an ET4000 and I'm viewing GIF's at
640x480/256 (I have a lousy/small monitor) with dpg-view on Linux. I
think I had to change some constants in the dpg-view sources to make it
use the ET4k modes.

VGAlib's sources seem to be designed for easy addition of new Super VGA
support; each mode is an array of register values and there's a program
that dumps an array declaration of this kind describing the current
mode. Haven't tried it though...

(Btw, my version of VGAlib is 1.2.)

Some birds require constant management for survival.  Pointing a sensor at
the sun, even when powered down, may burn it out.  Pointing a
parabolic antenna  at Sol,  from venus orbit  may trash the
foci  elements.

Even if you let teh bird drift,  it may  get hosed by some
cosmic phenomena.   
It has been known for quite a while that the earth is actually more pear
shaped than globular/spherical.  Does anyone make a "globe" that is accurate
as to actual shape, landmass configuration/Long/Lat lines etc.?
Thanks in advance.

--

bill@xpresso.UUCP                   (Bill Vance),             Bothell, WA
rwing!xpresso!bill

There was a very useful article in one of the 1989 issues of
Transactions On Graphics. I believe Maureen Stone was one of
the authors. Sorry not to be more specific. I don't have the
reference here with me.

The article actually was more general than this, giving a way to decide
whether a given (cubic) Bezier curve contains cusps, intersection points
or whatever wierdness. The same treatment is also available in SIGGRAPH 89
course notes for the course called "Math for Siggraph" or something like
that.

Hello,

I'm writing a paper on the role of the catholic church in Poland after 1989. 
Can anyone tell me more about this, or fill me in on recent books/articles(
in english, german or french). Most important for me is the role of the 
church concerning the abortion-law, religious education at schools,
birth-control and the relation church-state(government). Thanx,
Hi all,

I really thought that by now I would have seen something
about this, but I haven't, so here goes:  Last night on
the evening news, the anchorperson said something to the
effect that one of the SSRBs that was recovered after the
recent space shuttle launch was found to have a wrench of
some sort rattling around apparently inside the case.  There
was no elaboration as to where specfically the item was
found, of what type of wrench it was, but the anchorperson
did say something about a NASA official commenting that
there would be an inquiry into how the thing got in the SSRB.

Has anybody else on the net whose info sources may be 
better than mine heard anything about this?  It seems rather
weird.

Confident, or merely crazed?  That desert sun :-)



Gee, I thought the X-15 was Cable controlled.  Didn't one of them have a
total electrical failure in flight?  Was there machanical backup systems?


What do you mean?  Overstress the wings,  and they fail at teh joints?

You'll have to enlighten us in the hinterlands.

Yeah - they also gave it their "Editor's Choice" in the run-down of
graphics accelerators they tested in the previous issue, which is why
I bought (and then returned) mine.  The only conclusion I can come up with
is that PC Magazine has wildly different ways on determining the worthiness
of a video card than I do.

Hello,
[questions and issues WRT congress raised and discussed}

Dennis Replies;
...

Dennis, why must you always see things in black and white terms? :-)

-Tommy Mac
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tom McWilliams 517-355-2178 wk   \\ As the radius of vision increases,
18084tm@ibm.cl.msu.edu 336-9591 hm \\ the circumference of mystery grows.
Where in the Bible is there *any* teaching about an immaterial afterlife?
I was always taught that both the O.T. Jews and the N.T. Christians would
have found the notion incomprehensible--as do I.

Don't we christians believe in the resurrection of the body?

Or do you mean by material simply the stuff made of the 100+ elements
that we know and love too much?

Many of you at this point have seen a copy of the 
Lunar Resources Data Purchase Act by now. This bill, also known as the Back to 
the Moon bill, would authorize the U.S. 
government to purchase lunar science data from private 
and non-profit vendors, selected on the basis of competitive bidding, with an 
aggregate cap on bid awards of $65 million. 
        If you have a copy of the bill, and can't or don't want to go through 
all of the legalese contained in all Federal legislation,don't both - you have 
a free resource to evaluate the bill for you. Your local congressional office, 
listed in the phone book,is staffed by people who can forward a copy of the
bill to legal experts. Simply ask them to do so, and to consider supporting
the Lunar Resources Data Purchase Act. 
        If you do get feedback, negative or positive, from your congressional 
office, please forward it to: David Anderman
3136 E. Yorba Linda Blvd., Apt G-14, Fullerton, CA 92631,
or via E-Mail to: David.Anderman@ofa123.fidonet.org. 
        Another resource is your local chapter of the National Space Society. 
Members of the chapter will be happy to work with you to evaluate and support 
the Back to the Moon bill. For the address and telephone number of the nearest 
chapter to you, please send E-mail, or check the latest issue of Ad Astra, in 
a library near you.
        Finally, if you have requested, and not received, information about
the Back to the Moon bill, please re-send your request. The database for the
bill was recently corrupted, and some information was lost. The authors of the 
bill thank you for your patience.

We need a good concave ->convex polygon conversion routine.
I've tried a couple without much luck.  Please E-mail responses and I
will post a summary of any replies.  Thank you.


Yep.  There's truth in all those religions, even in science.   
Christianity doesn't claim to know it all.  It does claim certain  
things are true though that contradict other religions' truth claims.   
So they can't all be true.

-*----

The two commandments *are* rules; they are merely rules that are
so vague that they are practically devoid of meaning.  Michael
Siemon acknowledges this every time he writes that the resolution
of an argument over them turns on secular and cultural
assumptions that are independent of these rules.
 

The commandment to love your neighbor as yourself can be viewed,
in part, as reminding man that he is not God and cannot act as if
he has "ultimate responsibility." Indeed, many traditions present
an interpretation where believers are supposed to interpret
loving one's neighbor as following various other rules, and
relying on their god to make things come out right, precisely
because it would be wrong for man to assume such "ultimate
responsibility." Once again, we are confronted with good sounding
goo that means whatever the reader wants it to mean. 


And who is to say that this interpretation is "twisted"?  There
are many passages in the Bible that in their most straightforward
reading show the Christian god behaving in just this way.
Michael cannot refer to "base" claims or base commandments to
show that such readings are "twisted," because this divergence in
understanding occurs even in trying to interpret the "base"
claims and commandments.  In addressing conservative Christians,
Michael will necessarily draw upon secular and cultural notions
that these conservative Christians will reject.  


But these base commandments are too vague to serve as  "a
principle for the CRITIQUE of ethical systems." The meaning of
these base commandments for any believer derives from the secular
and cultural notions that the believer brings to them, from how
the believer mixes their demands with straightforward readings of
other Biblical passages, from a particular sectarian tradition,
or from some combination of these things.  These commandments
lack sufficient substance in themself to serve as a basis for
criticizing ethical systems.  What meaning they have comes from
the ethical system the believer brings to these commandments. 


Jesus explicitly states that this summarizes Jewish law, which
would seem to bring in all of it if we properly understand what
it means to love God and love our neighbors.  There are *many*
parables and teachings the gospels attribute to Jesus that are
straightforwardly read as ethical commandments.  The Pauline
epistles are similarly full.  If it is not clear that these all
come together in a sensible understanding of ethical behavior,
the problem is *not* a lack of raw material. 

-*----

No, Michael, the conservative Christians also take the gospel 
seriously.  What differentiates you is the way you interpret the
gospel.


In a sense, the wide variety of interpretations does tell us
something about Christianity.  It tells us that the New Testament
authors left a sufficiently vague hodge-podge that it can serve
as the source text for many, vastly different beliefs about the
nature of the Christian god and about what men should and
shouldn't do. 

The irony here is that there is *nothing* in Christianity per
se that Michael can use to support the cause of lesbians and
gays.  *Every* Christian principle he turns to this cause is
effective only through the extra-Christian principles through
which Michael interprets his religion, and the homophobes apply
the *same* Christian principles, with equal justification, to
their cause.  In short, it is the extra-Christian principles that
make Michael's Christianity beneficial, and I suspect they would
be as beneficial, perhaps moreso, without being filtered by
Christian interpretation.  

Michael paints a picture of "standard American atheism" as the
rejection of the evil in many conservative Christian
interpretations of the Bible.  But I think it is even more
damaging to Christianity to note that the New Testament presents
such a vague hodge-podge of notions about the nature of God and
the nature of the good (except, of course, when it is ordered by
an interpretation that relies on extraneous principles).  Here, I
think we should apply a Christian parable, where a cold drink can
have its value and a hot drink can have its value, but the
lukewarm we should spit out. 
I bought the diamond stealth 24 a few months ago.  it seems to be a
great card especially with my multimedia presentations.  It runs graphics
and animation as well as some near full motion video very well.  The only
thing I can tell that it lacks is speed above 256 colors.  Its qualit in
between 256 and 16.7 million collors un unreal but you definitly
compromise speed.  It seems to be a great card for graphics and it comes
with some great software, but Im not so sure about the excelerator
part.  I used to own a paridise and it doesnt seem to be much faster
than that.  One thing I do like is that it loads its own vesa driver
from ROM at startup, (I think) because I have never had to load it for
links386 or any other programs that require special VESA drivers at
startup. 



gromi a16pd


                                       HINTMATT@BA.BA.ISU.EDU



The following are my thoughts on a meeting that I, Hugh Kelso, and Bob Lilly
had with an aide of Sen. Patty Murrays.  We were there to discuss SSTO, and
commercial space.  This is how it went...



After receiving a packet containing a presentation on the benifits of SSTO,
I called and tried to schedule a meeting with our local Senator (D) Patty
Murray, Washington State.  I started asking for an hour, and when I heard
the gasp on the end of the phone, I quickly backed off to 1/2 an hour.
Later in that conversation, I learned that a standard appointment is 15 minutes.

We got the standard bozo treatment.  That is, we were called back by an aide,
who scheduled a meeting with us, in order to determine that we were not
bozos, and to familiarize himself with the material, and to screen it, to 
make sure that it was appropriate to take the senators time with that material.

Well, I got allocated 1/2 hour with Sen. Murrays aide, and we ended up talking
to him for 45 minutes, with us ending the meeting, and him still listening.
We covered a lot of ground, and only a little tiny bit was DCX specific.  
Most of it was a single stage reusable vehicle primer.  There was another
woman there who took copius quantities of notes on EVERY topic that
we brought up.

But, with Murray being new, we wanted to entrench ourselves as non-corporate
aligned (I.E. not speaking for boeing) local citizens interentested in space.
So, we spent a lot of time covering the benifits of lower cost access to
LEO.  Solar power satellites are a big focus here, so we hit them as becoming 
feasible with lower cost access, and we hit the environmental stand on that.
We hit the tourism angle, and I left a copy of the patric Collins Tourism
paper, with side notes being that everyone who goes into space, and sees the
atmosphere becomes more of an environmentalist, esp. after SEEING the smog
over L.A.  We hit on the benifits of studying bone decalcification (which is 
more pronounced in space, and said that that had POTENTIAL to lead to 
understanding of, and MAYBE a cure for osteoporosis.  We hit the education 
whereby kids get enthused by space, but as they get older and find out that
they havent a hop in hell of actually getting there, they go on to other
fields, with low cost to orbit, the chances they might get there someday 
would provide greater incentive to hit the harder classes needed.

We hit a little of the get nasa out of the operational launch vehicle business
angle.  We hit the lower cost of satellite launches, gps navigation, personal
communicators, tellecommunications, new services, etc...  Jobs provided
in those sectors.

Jobs provided building the thing, balance of trade improvement, etc..
We mentioned that skypix would benifit from lower launch costs.

We left the paper on what technologies needed to be invested in in order
to make this even easier to do.  And he asked questions on this point.

We ended by telling her that we wanted her to be aware that efforts are
proceeding in this area, and that we want to make sure that the
results from these efforts are not lost (much like condor, or majellan),
and most importantly, we asked that she help fund further efforts along
the lines of lowering the cost to LEO.

In the middle we also gave a little speal about the Lunar Resource Data 
Purchase act, and the guy filed it separately, he was VERY interested in it.
He asked some questions about it, and seemed like he wanted to jump on it,
and contact some of the people involved with it, so something may actually
happen immediatly there.

The last two things we did were to make sure that they knew that we
knew a lot of people in the space arena here in town, and that they
could feel free to call us any time with questions, and if we didn't know
the answers, that we would see to it that they questions got to people who
really did know the answers.

Then finally, we asked for an appointment with the senator herself.  He
said that we would get on the list, and he also said that knowing her, this
would be something that she would be very interested in, although they
do have a time problem getting her scheduled, since she is only in the
state 1 week out of 6 these days.

All in all we felt like we did a pretty good job.
From another space forum
    When workers at the Kennedy Space Center disassembled the STS-56
 solid rocket boosters they were surprised to find a pair of pliers
 lodged into the outside base of the right hand SRB.  The tool survived
 the trip from the launch pad up to approximately a 250,000 foot
 altitude, then down to splashdown and towing back to KSC.

    NASA spokesperson Lisa Malone told the media,

    "It's been a long time since something like this happened.  We've
 lost washers and bolts (before) but never a tool like this."

    The initial investigation into the incident has shown that a
 Thiokol Corp. technician noticed and reported his pliers as missing on
 April 2nd.  Unfortunately, the worker's supervisor did not act on the
 report and Discovery was launched with its "extra payload".  NASA
 officials were never told of the missing tool before the April 8th
 launch date.

    The free-flying pliers were supposed to be tethered to the SRB
 technician.  When the tool was found in an aft section of the booster,
 its 18-inch long rope was still attached.  The pliers were found in a
 part of the booster which is not easily visible from the launch pad.

    A spokesperson for the Lockheed Space Operations Company said that
 the Shuttle processor will take "appropriate action".  Thiokol is a
 subcontractor to LSOC for work to prepare Shuttle hardware for launch.

_________________________________________________________

Karl Anderson	
DEV/2000: Configuration Management/Version Control

Dept 53K/006-2		Rochester, Minnesota 55901
253-8044		Tie 8-453-8044
INTERNET: karl@vnet.ibm.com
PRODIGY: CMMG96A

Called "gas".


The balloons were in sufficiently low orbit that they experienced
some air resistance.  When they were finally punctured, this 
preasure (and the internal preasure that was needed to maintain
a spherical shape against this resistance) caused them to
catastrophically deflated.  The large silvered shards
that remained were easily visible for some time before
reentry, though no longer useful as a passive transponder.
Hi, netters

I am looking for source code that can reads the ascii file
or bitmap file and produced the thinned image.
For example, to preprocess the character image I want to
apply thinning algorithm.
I'm working upon a game using an isometric perspective, similar to
that used in Populous.  Basically, you look into a room that looks
similar to the following:

                             xxxx
                         xxxxx   xxxx
                     xxxx    x       xxxx
                 xxxx        x           xxxx
             xxxx     2      xxxx     1      xxxx
             x           xxxx    xxxx           x
             x       xxxx            xxxx       x
             x   xxxx             o      xxxx   x
             xxxx              3 /|\         xxxx
                 xxxx            /~\     xxxx
                     xxxx            xxxx
                         xxxx    xxxx
                             xxxx

The good thing about this perspective is that you can look and move
around in three dimensions and still maintain your peripheral vision. [*]

Since your viewpoint is always the same, the routines can be hard-coded
for a particular vantage.  In my case, wall two's rising edge has a slope
of 1/4. (I'm also using Mode X, 320x240).

I've run into two problems; I'm sure that other readers have tried this
before, and have perhaps formulated their own opinions:

1) The routines for drawing walls 1 & 2 were trivial, but when I ran a
packed->planar image through them, I was dismayed by the "jaggies."  I'm
now considered some anti-aliasing routines (speed is not really necessary).
Is it worth the effort to have the artist draw the wall already skewed,
thus being assured of nice image, or is this too much of a burden?

2) Wall 3 presents a problem; the algorithm I used tends to overly distort
the original.  I tried to decide on paper what pixels go where, and failed.
Has anyone come up with method for mapping a planar to crosswise sheared
shape?

Currently I take:

  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32
 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48
 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64

and produce:
            
             1  2  3  4
33 34 35 36 17 18 19 20  5  6  7  8
49 50 51 52 37 38 39 40 21 22 23 24  9 10 11 12
            53 54 55 56 41 42 43 44 25 26 27 28 13 14 15 16
                        57 58 59 60 45 46 47 48 29 30 31 32
                                    61 62 63 64

Line 1 follows the slope.  Line 2 is directly under line 1.
Line 3 moves up a line and left 4 pixels.  Line 4 is under line 3.
This fills the shape exactly without any unfilled pixels.  But
it causes distortions.  Has anyone come up with a better way?
Perhaps it is necessary to simply draw the original bitmap
already skewed?

Are there any other particularly sticky problems with this perspective?
I was planning on having hidden plane removal by using z-buffering.
Locations are stored in (x,y,z) form.

[*] For those of you who noticed, the top lines of wall 2 (and wall 1)
*are* parallel with its bottom lines.  This is why there appears to
be an optical illusion (ie. it appears to be either the inside or outside
of a cube, depending on your mood).  There are no vanishing points.
This simplifies the drawing code for objects (which don't have to
change size as they move about in the room).  I've decided that this
approximation is alright, since small displacements at a large enough
distance cause very little change in the apparent size of an object in
a real perspective drawing.

Hopefully the "context" of the picture (ie. chairs on the floor, torches
hanging on the walls) will dispell any visual ambiguity.

Thanks in advance for any help.

Hi netters,

	I am currently doing some investigations on "Developable Surface".
Can anyone familiar with this topic give me some information or sources
which can allow me to find some infomation of developable surface?
	Thanks for your help!

Could be the (folk?) song "Clementine".  If memory serves, part of it goes:

   In a cavern, by a canyon,
   Excavating for a mine,
   Dwelt a miner, forty-niner,
   and his daughter, Clementine.

Anyone who watched Huckleberry Hound can sing you the chorus :-) 
Is there a story/real person behind the song?

You assume this because you believe in a designing creator,
and you observe our ability to procreate...


.... But then you observe our ability to modify fertility
through intelligence & experiment, and draw no similar conclusions
about God designing us for scientific inquiry & the use of the
technology that it produces.  How is it that one ability is "obviously
from God", and the other not?


I want to know the truth, and hold the Truth as the most
basic of all ethical values, because correct moral judgement
relies on knowing the truth, not vice versa. Moralities that
assert that assent to a belief is a moral choice, and not
compelled by evidence inevitably cut off the limb they sit upon.
Falsification of evidence, conscious and unconscious, follows
corrupting both the intellect and the heart.


If there is a God, he has nothing to fear from truth.
As to imaginary gods and there followers: Be afraid. Be very
afraid.
There is a program called Graphic Workshop you can FTP from
wuarchive.  The file is in the msdos/graphics directory and
is called "grfwk61t.zip."  This program should od everthing
you need.

-- 

#Rick Anderson replied to my letter with...
#
#ra> In article <C5ELp2.L0C@acsu.buffalo.edu>,
#ra>

(...)

# Just briefly, on something that you mentioned in passing. You refer to
# differing interpretations of "create," and say that many Christians may
# not agree. So what? That is really irrelevant. We do not base our faith
# on how many people think one way or another, do we? The bottom line is
# truth, regardless of popularity of opinions.

It may be "irrelevant" to you and *your* personal beliefs (or should I say
"bias"?), but it is relevant to me and many others.  You're right, "the
bottom line IS truth," independant from you or anyone else.  Since you
proclaim "truths" as a self-proclaimed appointee, may I ask you by what
authority you do this?  Because "it says so in the Bible?"  --Does the
Bible "say so," or is it YOU, or someone else, who interprets whether a
scripture or doctrine conforms to your particular liking or "disapproval"?

Excuse moi, but your line of "truths" haven't moved me one bit to persuade
me that my beliefs are erroneous.  Of all the "preachers" of "truth" on
this net, you have struck me as a self-righteous member of the wrecking
crew, with no positive message to me or any other Latter-day Saint...
BTW, this entire discussion reminds me a lot of the things said by Jesus
to the pharisees: "ye hypocrite(s) . . . ye preach about me with your lips,
but your hearts are far removed from me..."

# Also, I find it rather strange that in trying to persuade that created
# and eternally existent are equivalent, you say "granted the Mormon
# belief..." You can't grant your conclusion and then expect the point to
# have been addressed. In order to reply to the issue, you have to address
# and answer the point that was raised, and not just jump to the
# conclusion that you grant.

Sophistry.  Look who's talking: "jumping to conclusions?"  You wouldn't do
that yourself, right?  All YOU address is your own convictions, regardless
whether we come up with any Biblical scriptures which supports our points
of view, because you reject such interpretations without any consideration
whatsoever.

#
# The Bible states that Lucifer was created.  The Bible states that Jesus
# is the creator of all. The contradiction that we have is that the LDS
# belief is that Jesus and Lucifer were the same.

A beautiful example of disinformation and a deliberate misrepresentation
of lds doctrine.  The former KGB would have loved to employ you.
Jesus and lucifer are not "the same," silly, and you know it.

(...)

# The Mormon belief is that all are children of God. Literally. There is
# nothing symbolic about it. This however, contradicts what the Bible
# says. The Bible teaches that not everyone is a child of God:

Correction: it may contradict would YOU think the Bible says.  The Bible
indeed does teach that not all are children of God in the sense that they
"belong to" or follow God in His footsteps.  Satan and his followers have
rebelled against God, and are not "children (=followers/redeemed) of God,"
but it doesn't mean that they were not once created by God, but chose to
separate themselves from those who chose to follow God and His plan of
salvation.

#
#        The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the
#        kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked "one";
#        (Matthew 13:38)

kingdom are those who have remained valiant in their testimony of Jesus
(and have shown "works of repentance, etc.), and the children of the
wicked one are those who rebelled against God and the lamb.  The issue
of satan's spirit-origin (and of those who followed him) has not been
addressed in this and other verses you copied from your Bible.  You
purposefully obscured the subject by swamping your "right" with non-
related scriptures.

(...lots of nice scriptures deleted (NOT Robert W. copyrighted) though...)

#ra> > We are told that, "And this is life eternal, that they might know
#ra> > thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."
#ra> > (John 17:3). Life eternal is to know the only true God. Yet the
#ra> > doctrines of the LDS that I have mentioned portray a vastly
#ra> > different Jesus, a Jesus that cannot be reconciled with the Jesus of
#ra> > the Bible. They are so far removed from each other that to proclaim

Correction: "my" Jesus is indeed different than your Jesus, and CAN be
reconciled with the Jesus in the Bible.  --Not your interpretation of Him,
I concur, but I honestly couldn't care less.

#ra> > one as being true denies the other from being true. According to the
#ra> > Bible, eternal life is dependent on knowing the only true God, and
#ra> > not the construct of imagination.

In this single posting of yours, I've seen more "constructs of imagination"
than in all of the pro-lds mails combined I have read so far in this news
group.  First get your lds-facts straight before you dare preaching to us
about "the only true God," whom you interpret according to your own likes
and dislikes, but whose image I cannot reconcile with what I know about
Him myself.  I guess your grandiose self-image does not allow for other
faiths, believing in the divinity of Jesus Christ, but in a different
way or fashion than your own.  Not that it really matters, the mission
and progress of the lds church will go on, boldly and nobly, and no mob
or opponent can stop the work from progressing, until it has visited
every continent, swept every clime, and sounded in every ear.

#  This is really a red herring. It doesn't address any issue raised, but
#  rather, it seeks to obfuscate. The fact that some groups try to read
#  something into the Bible, doesn't change what the Bible teaches.

Sigh.  "What the Bible teaches"?  Or: "what the bible teaches according to
Robert Weiss and co.?"  I respect the former, I reject the latter without
the remotest feeling that I have rejected Jesus.  On the contrary.  And by
the way, I do respect your interpretations of the Bible, I even grant you
being a Christian (following your own image of Him), as much as I am a
Christian (following my own image of Him in my heart).

(...)

#  Most of the other replies have instead hop-scotched to the issue of
#  Bruce McConkie and whether his views were 'official doctrine.' I don't
#  think that it matters if McConkie's views were canon. That is not the
#  issue.  Were McConkie's writings indicative of Mormon belief on this
#  subject is the real issue. The indication from Rick is that they may
#  certainly be.

The issue is, of course, that you love to use anything to either mis-
represent or ridicule the lds church.  The issue of "official doctrine"
is obviously very important.  McConkie's views have been controversial
(e.g. "The Seven Deadly Heresies" has made me a heretic!  ;-) at best,
or erroneous at worst ("blacks not to receive the priesthood in this
dispensation").  I respect him as someone who has made his valuable
contribution to the church, but I personally do NOT rely on his personal
interpretations (his book "Mormon Doctrine" is oftentimes referred to
as "McConkie's Bible" in mormon circles) on mormon doctrine.  I rather
look to official (doctrinal) sources, and... to Hugh Nibley's books!
(The last comment is an lds-insider reference.)  Summarizing: McConkie
was a wise man who contributed undoubtedly far more to the kingdom of
God than I have, but whose views are by no means dogma or accepted
doctrine, some of it clearly belongs to personal interpretation and
speculation.  But having said this, I find McConkie (even in his most
biased and speculative moments) far more thought-provoking than the
trash coming from your proverbial pen.  I'm somewhat appalled that I have
allowed myself to sink as low as you in this posting...

=============================
Robert Weiss
psyrobtw@ubvms.cc.buffalo.edu

Someone sent me this FAQ by E-mail and I post my response here.

[I'm not enforcing the inclusion limits on this FAQ because most
of our readers probably haven't seen it.  --clh]

Christ warns that anyone who "breaks one of the least of these
commandments *and* teaches otheres to do the same will be called least in
the kingdom of heaven" (Matt. 5:19.  This FAQ is so full of error that I
must respond to it.  I hope that whoever maintains will remove from it the
partisan theology.


1.  The law was known to man before it was revealed on Mount Sinai.  Rom
4:15 notes that "where no law is, there is no transgression."  Not only
did sin exist before Sinai (Eden), but the Sabbath was kept before it
was revealed on Sinai (Ex 16).

2.  The problem with the first covenant was not the law, but the promise
which undergirded it.  God wanted to perform his will in the lives of the
people, but in their ignorance after 400 years of slavery, they promised
"what ever He says to do we will do."  That is why the new covenant is
based on "better promises" (Heb. 8:6).  Rather than do away with the law
God promised to "put my laws in their minds and write them on their
hearts" (Heb. 8:10).

3.  Including the Sabbath in the Acts 15 is selective inclusion.  The
Sabbath was more important to the Jews than circumcision.  If any attempt
had been made to do away with the Sabbath the reaction would have been
even more strident than is recorded in Acts 15.  Do not confuse the weekly
Sabbath of the Decalogue with the ceremonial sabbaths which could occur at
any time of the week and were part of the law (ceremonial) which was
*added* because of transgression (of the moral law) (Gal 3:19).

4.  Israel stands for God's people of all time.  That is why God *grafted*
the Gentiles in.  Roma 9:4 says that the adoption, the glory, the
covenants, the giving of the law, the service of God and the promises
belong to Israelites.   In explanation Paul makes it clear that being born
into Israel is not enough "For they are not all Israel, which are of
Israel" v 6.  Then in Gal 3:19 he says "if ye be Christ's, then are ye
Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise."  All Christians are
Abraham's seed, Jews, Israelites.  Not physically, for that is not the
criterion, but spiritually.  We are joint heirs with Jesus based on the
promise God made to all his people the Israelites.


People would probably agree but they are wrong.  How can the Sabbath
commandment be ceremonial when it is part of a law which predates the
ceremonial laws?  You are not free to choose your time of worship.  Even
if you were why do you follow a day of worship which has its origins in pagan
sun worship.  Would you rather give up a day which God blessed,
sanctified, and hallowed in exchange for one which all church leaders
agree has not biblical foundation (see Sabbath Admissions in
soc.religion.christian.bible-study).
I do not care what Calvin or any theologian says.  My guide is what God
says.  If being not under the law means we do not have to keep the law,
why is it that the only section of the law we have trouble with is the
Sabbath commandment, which is the only one God thought was important
enough to say *REMEMBER*?  If you study the word deeply you will note that
the message is that we are no longer under the condemnation of the law but
freed by the grace of God.  If a cop pulls me over for speeding, then in
court I ask for mercy and the judge does not throw the book at me but gives me
grace, do I walk out of the court saying "I can now go on speeding, for I
am now under grace?"  Being under grace I now drive within the speed
limit.  Paul adds to it in Rom. 3:31 "Di we then make void the law through
faith?  God forbid: yea, we establish the law."  "Wherefore the law is
holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good" (Rom. 7:12).


Do you prefer implication to fact?  A careful study of the Acts 20 shows
that the meeting was on Saturday night and that on Sunday morning Paul did
not go to a worship service, but set off on a long journey by foot to
Assos.  In ICor 16 there is no way you can equate "lay by him in store"
with "go to a worship service."

Wrong.  These are the sabbath days of the ceremonial law, not the Sabbath
day of the moral law.
Why would you prefer to twist and turn, relying on different arguments
which conflict with each other, rather than obey a simple request from a
God who loved you enough to die for you.  Jesus died because the law could
not be changed.  Why bother to die in order to meet the demands of a
broken law if all you need to do is change the law.  Penalties for law
breaking means the law is immutable.  That is why it is no sin not to
follow the demands of the ceremonial laws.  It will always be a sin to
make false gods, to violate God's name, to break the Sabbath, to steal, to
kill, etc.  Except it you disagree.  But then your opinion has no weight
when placed next to the word of God.

Darius

[It's not clear how much more needs to be said other than the FAQ.  I
think Paul's comments on esteeming one day over another (Rom 14) is
probably all that needs to be said.  I accept that Darius is doing
what he does in honor of the Lord.  I just wish he might equally
accept that those who "esteem all days alike" are similarly doing
their best to honor the Lord.

However I'd like to be clear that I do not think there's unambiguous
proof that regular Christian worship was on the first day.  As I
indicated, there are responses on both of the passages cited.

The difficulty with both of these passages is that they are actually
about something else.  They both look like they are talking about
nnregular Christian meetings, but neither explicitly says "and they
gathered every Sunday for worship".  We get various pieces of
information, but nothing aimed at answering this question.  

Act 2:26 describes Christians as participating both in Jewish temple
worship and in Christian communion services in homes.  Obviously the
temple worship is on the Sabbath.  Acts 13:44 is an example of
Christians participating in them.  Unfortunately it doesn't tell us
what day Christians met in their houses.  Acts 20:7, despite Darius'
confusion, is described by Acts as occuring on Sunday.  (I see no
reason to impose modern definitions of when days start, when the
Biblical text is clear about what was meant.)  The wording implies to
me that this was a normal meeting.  It doesn't say they gathered to
see Paul off, but that when they were gathered for breaking bread,
Paul talked about his upcoming travel.  But that's just not explicit
enough to be really convincing.  Similarly with 1 Cor 16:2.  It says
that on the first day they should set aside money for Paul's
collection.  Now if you want to believe that they gathered specially
to do this, or that they did it in their homes, I can't disprove it,
but the obvious time for a congregation to take an offering would be
when they normally gather for worship, and if they were expected to do
it in their homes there would be no reason to mention a specific day.
So I think the most obvious reading of this is that "on the first day
of every week" simply means every time they gather for worship.  

I think the reason we have only implications and not clear statements
is that the NT authors assumed that their readers knew when Christian
worship was.
Press Release No.19-93
Paris, 22 April 1993

Users of ESA's Olympus satellite report on the outcome of
their experiments

"Today Europe's space telecommunications sector would not
be blossoming as it now does, had OLYMPUS not provided
a testbed for the technologies and services of the 1990s". This
summarises the general conclusions of 135 speakers and 300
participants at the Conference on Olympus Utilisation held in
Seville on 20-22-April 1993. The conference was organised by
the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Spanish Centre for
the Development of Industrial Technology (CDTI).

OLYMPUS has been particularly useful :
-      in bringing satellite telecommunications to thousands of
       new users, thanks to satellite terminals with very small
       antennas (VSATs). OLYMPUS experiments have tested
       data transmission, videoconferencing, business television,
       distance teaching and rural telephony, to give but a few
       examples.

-      in opening the door to new telecommunications services
       which could not be accommodated on the crowded lower-
       frequency bands; OLYMPUS was the first satellite over
       Europe to offer capacity in the 20/30 GHz band.

-      in establishing two-way data relay links  OLYMPUS
       received for the first time in Europe, over several months,
       high-volume data from a low-Earth orbiting spacecraft and
       then distributed it to various centres in Europe.

When OLYMPUS was launched on 12 July 1989 it was the
world's largest telecommunications satellite; and no other
satellite has yet equalled its versatility in combining four
different payloads in a wide variety of frequency bands.

OLYMPUS users range from individual experimenters to some
of the world's largest businesses. Access to the satellite is
given in order to test new telecommunications techniques or
services; over the past four years some 200 companies and
organisations made use of this opportunity, as well as over
100 members of the EUROSTEP distance-learning
organisation.



As the new technologies and services tested by these
OLYMPUS users enter the commercial market, they then
make use of operational satellites such as those of
EUTELSAT.
James Sledd asks:

 1. What is the nature of eternal life?
 2. How can we as mortals locked into space-time conceive of it?
 2a. If the best we can do is metaphor/analogy, then what is the
 best metaphor?

C S Lewis's essay THE WEIGHT OF GLORY deals with this question. I
recommend it enthusiastically. You might also read the chapter on
"Heaven" in his book THE PROBLEM OF PAIN. He gives a fictional
treatment in his book THE GREAT DIVORCE. I have found all of these
very helpful.

You might also be helped by the treatment in Dante's DIVINE COMEDY.
Heaven occupies the last third of the poem, but I cannot imagine
reading it other than from the beginning. I urge you to use the
translation by Dorothy L Sayers, available from Penguin Paperbacks.
DM> Fact or rumor....?  Madalyn Murray O'Hare an atheist who eliminated the
DM> use of the bible reading and prayer in public schools 15 years ago is now
DM> going to appear before the FCC with a petition to stop the reading of the
DM> Gospel on the airways of America.  And she is also campaigning to remove
DM> Christmas programs, songs, etc from the public schools.  If it is true
DM> then mail to Federal Communications Commission 1919 H Street Washington DC
DM> 20054 expressing your opposition to her request.  Reference Petition number

DM> 2493.

False.  This story has been going around for years.  There's not a drop of
truth.  Note that I don't care for O'Hare (O'Hair?) myself, but this
is one thing she's not guilty of.


Really?  I don't get it... Genesis first says that God created the
earth, then the animals, then humans; then it turns around and says
that humans were created before animals!  How can you escape this
contradiction?


This sounds wonderful, but it seems no one either wants to spend time doing
this, or they don't have the power to do so.  For example, I would like
to see a comp.graphics architecture like this:

comp.graphics.algorithms.2d
comp.graphics.algorithms.3d
comp.graphics.algorithms.misc
comp.graphics.hardware
comp.graphics.misc
comp.graphics.software/apps

However, that is almost overkill.  Something more like this would probably
make EVERYONE a lot happier:

comp.graphics.programmer
comp.graphics.hardware
comp.graphics.apps
comp.graphics.misc

It would be nice to see specialized groups devote to 2d, 3d, morphing,
raytracing, image processing, interactive graphics, toolkits, languages,
object systems, etc. but these could be posted to a relevant group or
have a mailing list organized.

That way when someone reads news they don't have to see these subject
headings, which are rather disparate:

System specific stuff ( should be under comp.sys or comp.os.???.programmer ):

	"Need help programming GL"
	"ModeX programming information?"
	"Fast sprites on PC"

Hardware technical stuff:

	"Speed of Weitek P9000"
	"Drivers for SpeedStar 24X"

Applications oriented stuff:

	"VistaPro 3.0 help"
	"How good is 3dStudio?"
	"Best image processing program for Amiga"

Programming oriented stuff:

	"Fast polygon routine needed"
	"Good morphing alogirhtm wanted"
	"Best depth sort for triangles?"
	"Which C++ library to get?"

I wish someone with the power would get a CFD and then a CFV going on
this stuff....this newsgroup needs it.




Don't you think it would be better to E-mail back to you that we read sci.space
so that you can count them and every server in the world does not have to get
BW'd to death.  Or instead you could possible cut and past all the senders into
a single post and save on header bandwidth....  Not meaning to be taken as a 
flame  it's late and we have to work toward a demo .... little punchy
-- 

Yeah. Innocents. People who hoard $250K worth of high-caliber automatic weapons
and kill law-enforcement agents really fit the bill here. The only innocents
were the 20+ children who were prevented from leaving a burning building by
their self-appointed messiah-following parents. A burning STARTED by the 
Davidians.



Is this subject line a veiled threat against U.S. Government agents or possibly
Executive office leadership (i.e. Clinton)? I've considered you a bit of a loon,
before, Stephen, I guess this pretty much confirms it. 

Nice religion you have there.  The only ones who should be killed are those who
don't agree with us. Sheesh.


-- 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Tom Hyatt                                  I'm a diehard Saints fan, so i've    thyat@sdf.lonestar.org                     suffered quite enough, thank you!    Arlington, TX                                                                                                                                                    Help! I'm being repressed!  -M.Python                                          -------------------------------


It was more than a theoretical concept; it was seriously pursued by
Freeman Dyson et al many years ago. I don't know how well-known this is,
but a high explosive Orion prototype flew (in the atmosphere) in San
Diego back in 1957 or 1958. I was working at General Atomic at the time,
but I didn't learn about the experiment until almost thirty years later,
when 
Ted Taylor visited us and revealed that it had been done. I feel sure
that someone must have film of that experiment, and I'd really like to
see it. Has anyone out there seen it?

Does this organization have an official e-mail address these
days? (an address for any of the SF Bay Area Lodges, e.g. Thelema
would do.)
                                      93...
                                       A.Lizard

/(Frank DeCenso)
/>
/>I need to prioritize things in my life, and this board is not all that important
/>to me.  

Of course it is.  It forms a very big part of your self-respect.  You come onto 
the board, thinking you're some sort of apologeticist for your faith, and you
routinely get roasted over a grill for stupid theories and unfounded assumptions.




/(Frank DeCenso)
/This board will have
/>to wait until (if ever) I can organize my life to fit it in.  I tried dropping
/>out, but Sieferman coerced me to come back.  He won't this time.

I doubt that Sieferman has anything to do with you dropping out.  

It's probably closer to the truth to say that you don't have the cards to 
play in this game (because you insist on playing from a losing hand), and you're
finally realizing it.  You will lurk on the board, and keep 
quiet for a while, looking for an area where you are *certain* that you 
are correct, and then we'll see you pop back in again.  Of course, you then
will say that you have merely returned because your life is now "in order".
Hi there,
  I am looking for advice on software/hardware package for making, 
storing and processing of pictures. The ideal software would allow me to
cahnge size of the picture, edit it ( it means add text below, above...) 
and the most important is it would have DOS command interface...
Thank you in advance...
emanuel marciniak
the bank of new york.. 

I was reading Popular Science this morning and was surprised by an ad in
the back.  I know that a lot of the ads in the back of PS are fringe
science or questionablely legal, but this one really grabbed my attention.
It was from a company name "Personal Missle, Inc." or something like that.

Anyhow, the ad stated that they'd sell rockets that were up to 20' in length
and engines of sizes "F" to "M".  They also said that some rockets will
reach 50,000 feet.

Now, aside from the obvious dangers to any amateur rocketeer using one
of these beasts, isn't this illegal?  I can't imagine the FAA allowing
people to shoot rockets up through the flight levels of passenger planes.
Not to even mention the problem of locating a rocket when it comes down.

And no, I'm not going to even think of buying one.  I'm not that crazy.


-Paul "mine'll do 50,000 feet and carries 50 pounds of dynamite" Dokas
==============================================================================
Has anyone created any interesting animations using Dmorph
I seem to be unable to create anything that looks remotely
realistic although this is probably due to the crappy GIF's
at I am using (One of Captain Kirk and One of Spock), i'm a
bit of a 'Trekker'.  What are the best type of pictures to use.
thanks........
            A.Situnayake



Pardon me for being a little confused, but at the beginning of your second 
paragraph, you say, "God has one set of rules for all his people," yet at the 
end of the same paragraph you declare, "please do not combine the ceremonial 
and moral laws in one."  Not only do I not understand where in the Bible you 
find the declaration that there are 2 laws (ceremonial and moral), but I am 
also unclear on whether you think it is bad to have 2 sets of laws in the first 
place.  If it's bad to have 2 sets of laws, how can there be a ceremonial law 
that is different from the moral law (and vice versa)?

I would also be interested in your comments on the passage in I Cor. 10:1-16, 
where Paul teaches different rules for covering you head while praying 
depending on whether you are a man or a woman.  Do you think the apostles can 
prescribe different sets of rules for men and women?  If so, then why not for 
Jews and Gentiles?  Also, why did Paul, who was so opposed to circumcising 
Gentiles, voluntarily circumcise Timothy?

I'll defer to your greater firsthand knowledge in such matters.
I am scanning in a color image and it looks fine on the screen.  When I 
converted it into PCX,BMP,GIF files so as to get it into MS Windows the colors
got much lighter.  For example the yellows became white.  Any ideas?

	I got the univesa driver available over the net. I thought that finally
my 1-meg oak board would be able to show 680x1024 256 colors. Unfortunately a
program still says that I can't do this. Is it the fault of the program (fractint)
or is there something wrong with my card.
	univesa- a free driver available over the net that makes many boards
vesa compatible. 

I've got an old demo disk that I need to view. It was made using RIX Softworks.  
The files on the two diskette set end with: .scf

The demo was VGA resolution (256 colors), but I don't know the spatial  
resolution.

First problem: When I try to run the demo, the screen has two black bars that  
cut across (horizontally) the screen, in the top third and bottom third of the  
screen. The bars are about 1-inch wide. Other than this, the demo (the  
animation part) seems to be running fine.

Second problem: I can't find any graphics program that will open and display  
these files. I have a couple of image conversion programs, none mention .scf  
files.

The system I am using: 486clone, Diamond Speedstar 24, Sony monitor.

Any suggestions?
Hello, I am looking for commercial software packages for professional
fashion designers.  Any recommendation and pointers are greatly appreciated.
Please e-mail me, if you may.  Thanks a million.  -- Ge

Hi! Everyone,

Since some people quickly solved the problem of determining a sphere from
4 points, I suddenly recalled a problem which is how to find the ellipse
from its offset. For example, given 5 points on the offset, can you find
the original ellipse analytically?

I spent two months solving this problem by using analytical method last year,
but I failed. Under the pressure, I had to use other method - nonlinear
programming technique to deal with this problem approximately.

Any ideas will be greatly appreciated. Please post here, let the others
share our interests.
[...]

How ironic.

  I might suggest giving the management some more mumble time by asking
the very leading question (in two or three parts)
   What are your long term expectations of space market, what projects
specifically are they funding by internal funds and at what levels
and what competition do you expect in this  area. (This last point
is always worth hitting upper management with "gently" if you want 
them to think and as hard as you can if you have a good case that
there really is competion)




Bill says ...


I presume the one you refer to is "Space Sailing" by Jerome L. Wright.  He 
worked on solar sails while at JPL and as CEO of General Astronautics.  I'll
furnish ordering info upon request.

The Friedman book is called "Starsailing: Solar Sails and Interstellar Travel."
It was available from the Planetary Society a few years ago, I don't know if
it still is.
Can a theist be truly objective?  Can he be impartial
     when questioning the truth of his scriptures, or
     will he assume the superstition of his parents
     when questioning? 

I've often found it to be the case that the theist
     will stick to some kind of superstition when
     wondering about God and his scriptures.  I've
     seen it in the Christian, the Jew, the Muslim,
     and the other theists alike.  All assume that
     their mothers and fathers were right in the
     aspect that a god exists, and with that belief
     search for their god.
     
Occasionally, the theist may switch religions or
     aspects of the same religion, but overall the
     majority keep to the belief that some "Creator"
     was behind the universe's existence.  I've
     known Muslims who were once Christians and vice
     versa, I've known Christians who were once
     Jewish and vice versa, and I've even known
     Christians who become Hindu.  Yet, throughout
     their transition from one faith to another,
     they've kept this belief in some form of higher
     "being."  Why?
     
It usually all has to do with how the child is
     brought up.  From the time he is born, the
     theist is brought up with the notion of the
     "truth" of some kind of scripture-- the Bible,
     the Torah, the Qur'an, & etc.  He is told
     of this wondrous God who wrote (or inspired)
     the scripture, of the prophets talked about in
     the scripture, of the miracles performed, & etc.
     He is also told that to question this (as
     children are apt to do) is a sin, a crime
     against God, and to lose belief in the scrip-
     ture's truth is to damn one's soul to Hell.
     Thus, by the time he is able to read the
     scripture for himself, the belief in its "truth"
     is so ingrained in his mind it all seems a
     matter of course.
     
But it doesn't stop there.  Once the child is able
     to read for himself, there is an endeavor to
     inculcate the child the "right" readings of
     scripture, to concentrate more on the pleasant
     readings, to gloss over the worse ones, and to
     explain away the unexplainable with "mystery."
     Circular arguments, "self-evdent" facts and
     "truths," unreasoning belief, and fear of
     hell is the meat of religion the child must eat
     of every day.  To doubt, of course, means wrath
     of some sort, and the child must learn to put
     away his brain when the matter concerns God.
     All of this has some considerable effect on the
     child, so that when he becomes an adult, the 
     superstitions he's been taught are nearly
     impossible to remove.
     
All of this leads me to ask whether the theist can
     truly be objective when questioning God, Hell,
     Heaven, the angels, souls, and all of the rest.
     Can he, for a moment, put aside this notion that
     God *does* exist and look at everything from
     a unbiased point of view?  Obviously, most
     theists can somewhat, especially when presented
     with "mythical gods" (Homeric, Roman, Egyptian,
     & etc.).  But can they put aside the assumption
     of God's existence and question it impartially?
     
Stephen

    _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/       _/    * Atheist
   _/        _/    _/   _/ _/ _/ _/     * Libertarian
  _/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/   _/   _/  _/      * Pro-individuality
       _/  _/     _/  _/       _/       * Pro-responsibility
_/_/_/_/  _/      _/ _/       _/ Jr.    * and all that jazz...

-- 

   >	If the  new  Kuiper belt object *is*  called 'Karla', the next
   >one  should be called 'Smiley'.

   Unless I'm imaging things, (always a possibility =) 1992 QB1, the Kuiper Belt
   object discovered last year, is known as Smiley.

As it happens the _second_ one is Karla. The first one was
Smiley. All subject to the vagaries of the IAU of course,
but I think they might let this one slide...

*  Steinn Sigurdsson   			Lick Observatory      	          *
*  steinly@lick.ucsc.edu		"standard disclaimer"  	          *
*  "The worst thing you can say to a true revolutionary is that his 	  *
*  revolution is unnecessary, that the problems can be corrected without  *
*  radical change. Telling people that paradise can be attained without   *
*  revolution is treason of the vilest kind."  -- H.S. 1993		  * 

Yes, the Phobos mission did return some useful data including images of Phobos
itself. The best I've seen had a surface resolution of about 40 meters. By
the way, the new book entitled "Mars" (Kieffer et al, 1992, University of
Arizona Press) has a great chapter on spacecraft exploration of the planet.
The chapter is co-authored by V.I. Moroz of the Space Research Institute in
Moscow, and includes details never before published in the West. Don't
know of any ftp sites with images though.
To what follows, our moderator has already answered the charge of 
arrogance more ably that I could have done so, so I will confine
myself to answering the charge of illogic.
 


This is how everyone in the western intellectual tradition is, or was,
taught to think. It is the fundamental premis "A is not not-A". If a thing
is true then its converse is necessarilly false. Without this basic 
asumption theology and science as we know them are alike impossible. We
should distinguish the strong and weak meanings of the word "believe",
however. The weak sense means I am not sure. "I believe Tom went to 
the library." (but he could have gone to the track). The strong sense
means I am so certain that I use it as a basis of thought. "I believe 
that nature operates according to certain fundamental laws." (despite 
the fact that nature *appears* capricious and unpredictable). Christian
belief is of the strong kind. (Though Christians may well hold beliefs
of the weak kind on any number of theological and ecclesiological 
topics.)
 

Note that these are two separate ideas. Most hold the first view, but the 
majority do not hold the second. Is is again a matter of pure logic that
if Christanity is true, then Hinduism (for example) must necessarilly be
false, insofar as it contradicts or is incompatible with, Christaianity. 
(And, as a matter of *logic*, vice versa.)
 

It is arrogant to claim to know what *anyone* thinks or wants, unless 
they have told you. Christians believe God has told us what he thinks
and wants.


Most Christians do not base their belief on the Bible, but on the living
tradition of the Church established by Christ and guided constantly
by the Holy Spirit. The Bible is simply the written core of that tradition.


If depends what you mean by differing. If I believe Tom is six feet
tall and you believe he weighs 200 pounds, our beliefs differ, but we 
may both be right. If I believe Tom is six feet tall and you beleive
that he is four foot nine, one of us, at least, must be wrong.
 

Thus you believe that there is a single truth but that no human being 
can find it. You assert that anyone who believe that we can find 
absolute truth is mistaken. In short, you believe that anyone who
does not share your belief on this point is wrong. QED.


Here I begin to suspect that your real difficulty is not with the
knowability of truth, but simply with language. Saying that the glass 
is half empty is not a contradiction of the statement that it is half
full: it is the same fact expressed in different words. (The whole
point of this phrase is to illustrate the different ways the pessimist
and the optimist express the *same* fact.)
 
It is, of course, quite true that different people may express the 
same belief in different words. It is also true that they may fail
to understand each other's words as expressions of the same belief
and may argue bitterly and believe that they are miles apart. Great
scisms have occurred in just this way, and much ecumenical work has
been done simply in resolving differences in language which conceal
agreement in belief. This does not mean, in any sense, that all beliefs
are equally valid. Since some of the beliefs people hold contradict
some other beliefs that other people hold, after all obfuscations
of language and culture in the expression of those beliefs have
been stripped away, some of the beliefs that some people hold must,
**necessarilly** be false, and it is neither arrogant nor illogical
to say so. If I believe X and you believe Y we may both be correct, 
but if Y is equivalent to not-X then one of us is wrong and as long
as we hold our respective beliefs, we must each regard the other 
as in error.
930418

Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law. [Honestly.]
The word of Sin is Restriction. [Would I kid you?]


Does one man's words encompass the majestic vision of thousands
of individuals?  Quoting a man is not the same as quoting the
Order.  Taken out of context, words can be interpreted much
differently than had one applied them within the confines of
their original expression.

I think this is the case regarding Hymenaeus Beta, Frater Superior 
of the Order to which I belong.  When he included that bit
from Merlinus X' he did us all a service.  He showed us the extremes
to which Order members have been known to go in their fervor.
I have little knowledge regarding Reuss' background, but surely
he was an unusual man, and he was an important force in the Order 
for many years.

Yet as people change so do Orders change, and while we look back
so carefully at the dirty laundry of O.T.O. remember that this is
only the surface skim and that many perspectives are now encompassed
which extend beyond any one individual.  I hope to show that there
was and is much room for a difference of opinion within the Order
itself, perhaps by testing the limits myself.


Let us examine this issue a bit more closely....

"In 1895, Karl Kellner (1850-1905), a wealthy Austrian industrialist
and paper chemist, as well as a high-grade Mason, founded the Ordo
Templi Orientis.  Kellner had traveled widely in the East, where he
met three adepts who instructed him specific magical practices.  
Kellner's efforts to develop the Order were later assisted by Franz
Hartmann, Heinrich Klein and Theodore Reuss, who had worked together
prior to joining the O.T.O.  The Order was first proclaimed in 1902
in Reuss's Masonic publication, 'Oriflamme'.  On Kellner's death,
Reuss succeeded him as Outer Head [O.H.O.].  The 'Jubilee' edition of
the 'Oriflamme', published in 1912, announced that the Order taught
secret of sexual magic.
 
"Theodore Reuss was an interesting character.  Born June 28, 1855 in
Augsburg, he entered Masonry in 1876.  He was a singer, journalist and
possibly a spy for the Prussian political police, infiltrating the Socialist
League founded by Karl Marx's daughter and her husband.  Reuss was
later associated with William Wynn Westcott, a leader of the Golden
Dawn, who later introduced him to John Yarker.  Yarker chartered Reuss to
found the Rites of Memphis and Mizraim in Germany.  After several
attempts to concretize various Masonic Rites, Reuss settled on the
development of the O.T.O.

"The Order experienced reasonably steady growth under Reuss' leadership.
For example, he chartered Papus in France, Rudolph Steiner in Berlin
and H. Spencer Lewis in the USA.  In 1912, the historic meeting between
Reuss and Crowley occurred.  Crowley wrote that Reuss came to him and
accused him of revealing Order secrets.  When Crowley looked at it afresh,
the initiated interpretation of sexual magick unfolded itself to him for
the first time.  Reuss appointed Crowley as Supreme and Holy King of all
the English speaking world, and it was this authorization that he invoked
when publishing the material of the Equinox.

"Reuss resigned as Outer Head of the Order in 1922 after suffering a
stroke and named Crowley his successor.  All was well until 1925 when
_The Book of the Law_ was translated into German.  There was a break
in the continuity of the Order.  Manyk members split with the new O.H.O.
over the book, which Crowley was actively promulgating through the Order.
He had earlier revise dthe Order rituals at Reuss's request, deeply
infusing the doctrines of the New Aeon revelation."

_An Introduction to the History of the O.T.O._, by Ad Veritatem IX'

Within _Equinox III:10_, Edited by 
  Hymenaeus Beta, Frater Superior, Rex Summus Sanctissimus,
    Caliph of the United States of America,
      Published by Samuel Weiser, 1990.



There are many possible reasons that our Frater Superior included this
material in _Equinox III:10_.  And this is the real point, is it not?
Why did he wish to publish such things about the history of his own
organization?  Does he represent a dogmatic threat to the principle
of Thelema?  Or is he exercising his True Will and putting forth very
complex pictures with no easy answers?  A picture which leaves room
for very many interpretations.

It is quite easy for me to see, for example, that all of O.T.O. derived
out of the dribble of faltering Masonry, purchased by clever hucksters
with an ounce of courage and some writing ability to aid them.  And I
can take that all the way down to our present Caliph, whose feeble
support of the 'Law of Thelema' is laughable at best.

Would I be thrown out of the Order for speaking in this way?  
Will I?  
I think not.
Why?  Because my Frater will see it as a perspective, an interjection
I am using as an example.  My illustration shows that we may express things
in the context of a larger work and the true significance of this may be
quite difficult to apprehend at first.

So it may be with OTO and Merlinus X'.  Please look O.T.O. more carefully.
I do not support Reuss's words myself, as I am not qualified to assess
them, and I am critical of their pomposity.  If I who am a member of
the Order take such a stand and am allowed to continue doing so, then
what can this say about the health of the Order?  Does it mean that
the Order has 'gone soft' and abandoned its moral principles?  Or
does it mean that it is strong in its ability to let the will of
universal kinship arise on its own, not shackled by some dogmatic
requirement?  How shall we resolve these two possibilities?


I find a high calibre of individual associated with Ordo Templi Orientis.
They are often quite intelligent and sometimes very well versed in arcane
or usual information.  They are quite often artists and geniuses.  
Having met some 20 longstanding members in the SF Bay Area (many who are or
were very heavily involved with the Order), I can vouch for the integrity
of the organization as it stands.

I have sometimes questioned the policy of Hymenaeus Beta.  In these moments 
I followed my intuition, and I've found little to stop me from requesting
a Second initiation from a different O.T.O. body.  I'm happily participating
in social groups (Feasts or Initiations) and have come to know the Gnostic
Mass well enough for my tastes.
 

This doesn't make me an authority on Order politics and explanations, however.
I can only hypothesize and relay to you what I understand based on my
limited contact with other members.

I urge you not to take the words of Merlinus X too far.  There are many
ways to interpret words, and many people who have become involved with
the Order feel very strongly about the sanctity of personal freedom
and the preservation of individual vision.

I welcome other comment on this issue and will be writing more in response
to other posts in this thread.


Invoke me under my stars.  Love is the law, love under will.

I am I!



    ^^^
If french is your language, try counting in french in stead, maybe
it will work better.... :-)


Does anyone out there have or know of, any kind of utility program for

Ribbons?


Ribbons are a popular representation for 2D shape.  I am trying to
find symmetry axis in a given any 2D shape using ribbons.


Any suggestions will be greatly appreciated how to start program. 


Thanks very much in advance,
Hoi

Archive-name: space/references
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:21 $

REFERENCES ON SPECIFIC AREAS

    PUBLISHERS OF SPACE/ASTRONOMY MATERIAL

    Astronomical Society of the Pacific
    1290 24th Avenue
    San Francisco, CA 94122

	More expensive but better organized slide sets.

    Cambridge University Press
    32 East 57th Street
    New York, NY 10022

    Crawford-Peters Aeronautica
    P.O. Box 152528
    San Diego, CA 92115
    (619) 287-3933

	An excellent source of all kinds of space publications. They publish
	a number of catalogs, including:
	    Aviation and Space, 1945-1962
	    Aviation and Space, 1962-1990
	    Space and Related Titles

    European Southern Observatory
    Information and Photographic Service
    Dr R.M. West
    Karl Scharzschild Strasse 2
    D-8046 Garching bei Munchen
    FRG

	Slide sets, posters, photographs, conference proceedings.

    Finley Holiday Film Corporation
    12607 East Philadelphia Street
    Whittier, California 90601
    (213)945-3325
    (800)FILMS-07

	Wide selection of Apollo, Shuttle, Viking, and Voyager slides at ~50
	cents/slide. Call for a catalog.

    Hansen Planetarium (Utah)

	Said to hold sales on old slide sets. Look in Sky & Telescope
	for contact info.

    Lunar and Planetary Institute
    3303 NASA Road One
    Houston, TX 77058-4399

	Technical, geology-oriented slide sets, with supporting
	booklets.

    John Wiley & Sons
    605 Third Avenue
    New York, NY 10158-0012

    Sky Publishing Corporation
    PO Box 9111
    Belmont, MA  02178-9111

	Offers "Sky Catalogue 2000.0" on PC floppy with information
	(including parallax) for 45000 stars.

    Roger Wheate
    Geography Dept.
    University of Calgary, Alberta
    Canada T2N 1N4
    (403)-220-4892
    (403)-282-7298 (FAX)
    wheate@uncamult.bitnet

	Offers a 40-slide set called "Mapping the Planets" illustrating
	recent work in planetary cartography, comes with a booklet and
	information on getting your own copies of the maps. $50 Canadian,
	shipping included.

    Superintendent of Documents
    US Government Printing Office
    Washington, DC 20402

    Univelt, Inc.
    P. O. Box 28130
    San Diego, Ca. 92128

	Publishers for the American Astronomical Society.

    US Naval Observatory
	202-653-1079 (USNO Bulletin Board via modem)
	202-653-1507 General

    Willmann-Bell
    P.O. Box 35025
    Richmond, Virginia 23235 USA
    (804)-320-7016 9-5 EST M-F


    CAREERS IN THE SPACE INDUSTRY

    In 1990 the Princeton Planetary Society published the first edition of
    "Space Jobs: The Guide to Careers in Space-Related Fields." The
    publication was enormously successful: we distributed 2000 copies to
    space enthusiasts across the country and even sent a few to people in
    Great Britain, Australia, and Ecuador. Due to the tremendous response to
    the first edition, PPS has published an expanded, up-to-date second
    edition of the guide.

    The 40-page publication boasts 69 listings for summer and full-time job
    opportunities as well as graduate school programs. The second edition of
    "Space Jobs" features strategies for entering the space field and
    describes positions at consulting and engineering firms, NASA, and
    non-profit organizations. The expanded special section on graduate
    schools highlights a myriad of programs ranging from space manufacturing
    to space policy. Additional sections include tips on becoming an
    astronaut and listings of NASA Space Grant Fellowships and Consortia, as
    well as NASA Centers for the Commercial Development of Space.

    To order send check or money order made payable to Princeton Planetary
    Society for $4 per copy, plus $1 per copy for shipping and handling
    (non-US customers send an International Money Order payable in US
    dollars) to:

    Princeton Planetary Society
    315 West College
    Princeton University
    Princeton, NJ  08544


    DC-X SINGLE-STAGE TO ORBIT (SSTO) PROGRAM

    SDI's SSRT (Single Stage Rocket Technology) project has funded a
    suborbital technology demonstrator called DC-X that should fly in
    mid-1993. Further development towards an operational single-stage to
    orbit vehicle (called Delta Clipper) is uncertain at present.

    An collection of pictures and files relating to DC-X is available by
    anonymous FTP or email server in the directory

	bongo.cc.utexas.edu:pub/delta-clipper

    Chris W. Johnson (chrisj@emx.cc.utexas.edu) maintains the archive.


    HOW TO NAME A STAR AFTER A PERSON

    Official names are decided by committees of the International
    Astronomical Union, and are not for sale. There are purely commercial
    organizations which will, for a fee, send you pretty certificates and
    star maps describing where to find "your" star. These organizations have
    absolutely no standing in the astronomical community and the names they
    assign are not used by anyone else. It's also likely that you won't be
    able to see "your" star without binoculars or a telescope. See the back
    pages of Astronomy or other amateur astronomy publications for contact
    info; one such organization may be found at:

	International Star Registry
	34523 Wilson Road
	Ingleside, IL 60041

    This is not an endorsement of ISR.


    LLNL "GREAT EXPLORATION"

    The LLNL "Great Exploration", a plan for an on-the-cheap space station,
    Lunar base, and Mars mission using inflatable space structures, excited
    a lot of interest on the net and still comes up from time to time. Some
    references cited during net discussion were:

	Avation Week Jan 22, 1990 for an article on the overall Great
	Exploration

	NASA Assessment of the LLNL Space Exploration Proposal and LLNL
	Responses by Dr. Lowell Wood LLNL Doc. No. SS 90-9. Their address
	is: PO Box 808 Livermore, CA 94550 (the NASA authors are unknown).

	Briefing slides of a presentation to the NRC last December may be
	available. Write LLNL and ask.

	Conceptual Design Study for Modular Inflatable Space Structures, a
	final report for purchase order B098747 by ILC Dover INC. I don't
	know how to get this except from LLNL or ILC Dover. I don't have an
	address for ILC.


    LUNAR PROSPECTOR

    Lunar Exploration Inc. (LEI) is a non-profit corporation working on a
    privately funded lunar polar orbiter. Lunar Prospector is designed to
    perform a geochemical survey and search for frozen volatiles at the
    poles. A set of reference files describing the project is available in

	ames.arc.nasa.gov:pub/SPACE/LEI/*


    LUNAR SCIENCE AND ACTIVITIES

    Grant H Heiken, David T Vaniman, and Bevan M French (editors), "Lunar
    Sourcebook, A User's Guide to the Moon", Cambridge University Press
    1991, ISBN 0-521-33444-6; hardcover; expensive. A one-volume
    encyclopedia of essentially everything known about the Moon, reviewing
    current knowledge in considerable depth, with copious references. Heavy
    emphasis on geology, but a lot more besides, including considerable
    discussion of past lunar missions and practical issues relevant to
    future mission design. *The* reference book for the Moon; all others are
    obsolete.

    Wendell Mendell (ed), "Lunar Bases and Space Activities of the 21st
    Century", $15. "Every serious student of lunar bases *must* have this
    book" - Bill Higgins. Available from:

	Lunar and Planetary Institute
	3303 NASA Road One
	Houston, TX 77058-4399
	If you want to order books, call (713)486-2172.

    Thomas A. Mutch, "Geology of the Moon: A Stratigraphic View", Princeton
    University Press, 1970. Information about the Lunar Orbiter missions,
    including maps of the coverage of the lunar nearside and farside by
    various Orbiters.


    ORBITING EARTH SATELLITE HISTORIES

    A list of Earth orbiting satellites (that are still in orbit) is
    available by anonymous FTP in:

	ames.arc.nasa.gov:pub/SPACE/FAQ/Satellites


    SPACECRAFT MODELS

    "Space in Miniature #2: Gemini" by
	Michael J. Mackowski
	1621 Waterwood Lane, St. Louis, MO 63146
	$7.50

    Only 34pp but enough pictures & diagrams to interest more than just the
    modelling community, I feel.

    Marco's Miniatures of Dracut, Mass. have produced a 1/144 Skylab in an
    edition of 500 & a 1/48 Lunar Rover (same scale as Monogram and Revell
    Lunar Modules) in a similar edition. Prices are $45 for Skylab, $24 for
    LRV. Check with them for postage etc. I have no connection with them,
    but have found their service to be good and their stock of rare/old kits
    *is* impressive. Prices range from reasonable ($35 for Monogram 1/32
    scale Apollo CSM with cutaway details) to spectacular ($145 for Airfix
    Vostok).

	 Four Star Collectibles
	 P.O. Box 658
	 Dracut Mass 01826, USA.
	 (508)-957-0695.

    Voyager, HST, Viking, Lunar Rover etc. kits from:

	Lunar Models
	5120 Grisham
	Rowlett, Texas 75088
	(214)-475-4230

    As reviewed by Bob Kaplow:

	Peter Alway's book "Scale Model Rocketry" is now available. Mine
	arrived in the mail earlier this week. To get your own copy, send
	$19.95 + $2.50 s/h ($22.45 total) to:

			Peter Alway
			2830 Pittsfield
			Ann Arbor, MI 48104

	The book includes information on collecting scale data, construction
	of scale models, and several handy tables. Appendicies include plans
	for 3 sport scale models, a 1:9.22 D Region Tomahawk (BT50), a 1/40
	V-2 (BT60), and a 1/9.16 Aerobee 150A (BT55/60).

	I've only begun to study the book, but it certainly will be a
	valuable data source for many modellers. Most vehicles include
	several paragraphs of text describing the missions flown by the
	rocket, various specs including "NAR" engine classification, along
	with a dimensioned drawing, color layouts & paint pattern, and a
	black & white photograph.

	The vehicles included are the Aerobee 150A, Aerobee 300, Aerobee Hi,
	Arcas, Asp, Astrobee 1500, Astrobee D, Atlas Centaur, Atlas-Agena,
	Atlas-Score, Baby WAC, D-Region Tomahawk, Deacon Rockoon, Delta B,
	Delta E, Gemini-Titan II, Iris, Javelin, Juno 1, Juno 2, Little Joe
	1, Little Joe 2, Mercury-Atlas, Mercury-Redstone, Nike-Apache,
	Nike-Asp, Nike-Cajun, Nike-Deacon, Nike-Tomahawk, RAM B, Saturn 1
	Block 1, Saturn 1 Block 2, Saturn 1B, Saturn 5, Scout, Standard
	Aerobee, Terrapin, Thor-Able, Titan III C, Titan III E, Trailblazer
	1, V-2, Vanguard, Viking Model 1, Viking Model 2, and Wac Corporal.


    ROCKET PROPULSION

	George P. Sutton, "Rocket Propulsion Elements", 5th edn,
	Wiley-Interscience 1986, ISBN 0-471-80027-9. Pricey textbook. The
	best (nearly the only) modern introduction to the technical side of
	rocketry. A good place to start if you want to know the details. Not
	for the math-shy. Straight chemical rockets, essentially nothing on
	more advanced propulsion (although earlier editions reportedly had
	some coverage).

	Dieter K. Huzel and David H. Huang, "Design of Liquid Propellant
	Rocket Engines", NASA SP-125.
	NTIS N71-29405		PC A20/MF A01	1971  461p
	Out of print; reproductions may be obtained through the NTIS
	(expensive). The complete and authoritative guide to designing
	liquid-fuel engines. Reference #1 in most chapters of Sutton. Heavy
	emphasis on practical issues, what works and what doesn't, what the
	typical values of the fudge factors are. Stiff reading, massive
	detail; written for rocket engineers by rocket engineers.


    SPACECRAFT DESIGN

	Brij N. Agrawal, "Design of Geosynchronous Spacecraft",
	Prentice-Hall, ISBN 0-13-200114-4.

	James R. Wertz ed, "Spacecraft Attitude Determination and
	Control", Kluwer, ISBN 90-277-1204-2.

	P.R.K. Chetty, "Satellite Technology and its Applications",
	McGraw-Hill, ISBN 0-8306-9688-1.

	James R. Wertz and Wiley J. Larson (editors), "Space Mission
	Analysis and Design", Kluwer Academic Publishers
	(Dordrecht/Boston/London) 1991, ISBN 0-7923-0971-5 (paperback), or
	0-7923-0970-7 (hardback).

	    This looks at system-level design of a spacecraft, rather than
	    detailed design. 23 chapters, 4 appendices, about 430 pages. It
	    leads the reader through the mission design and system-level
	    design of a fictitious earth-observation satellite, to
	    illustrate the principles that it tries to convey. Warning:
	    although the book is chock-full of many useful reference tables,
	    some of the numbers in at least one of those tables (launch
	    costs for various launchers) appear to be quite wrong. Can be
	    ordered by telephone, using a credit card; Kluwer's phone number
	    is (617)-871-6600. Cost $34.50.


    ESOTERIC PROPULSION SCHEMES (SOLAR SAILS, LASERS, FUSION...)

    This needs more and more up-to-date references, but it's a start.

    ANTIMATTER:

	"Antiproton Annihilation Propulsion", Robert Forward
	    AFRPL TR-85-034 from the Air Force Rocket Propulsion Laboratory
	    (AFRPL/XRX, Stop 24, Edwards Air Force Base, CA 93523-5000).
	    NTIS AD-A160 734/0	   PC A10/MF A01
	    PC => Paper copy, A10 => $US57.90 -- or maybe Price Code?
	    MF => MicroFiche, A01 => $US13.90

	    Technical study on making, holding, and using antimatter for
	    near-term (30-50 years) propulsion systems. Excellent
	    bibliography. Forward is the best-known proponent
	    of antimatter.

	    This also may be available as UDR-TR-85-55 from the contractor,
	    the University of Dayton Research Institute, and DTIC AD-A160
	    from the Defense Technical Information Center, Defense Logistics
	    Agency, Cameron Station, Alexandria, VA 22304-6145. And it's
	    also available from the NTIS, with yet another number.

	"Advanced Space Propulsion Study, Antiproton and Beamed Power
	    Propulsion", Robert Forward

	    AFAL TR-87-070 from the Air Force Astronautics Laboratory, DTIC
	    #AD-A189 218.
	    NTIS AD-A189 218/1	  PC A10/MF A01

	    Summarizes the previous paper, goes into detail on beamed power
	    systems including " 1) pellet, microwave, and laser beamed power
	    systems for intersteller transport; 2) a design for a
	    near-relativistic laser-pushed lightsail using near-term laser
	    technology; 3) a survey of laser thermal propulsion, tether
	    transportation systems, antiproton annihilation propulsion,
	    exotic applications of solar sails, and laser-pushed
	    interstellar lightsails; 4) the status of antiproton
	    annihilation propulsion as of 1986; and 5) the prospects for
	    obtaining antimatter ions heavier than antiprotons." Again,
	    there is an extensive bibliography.

	    "Application of Antimatter - Electric Power to Interstellar
	    Propulsion", G. D. Nordley, JBIS Interstellar Studies issue of
	    6/90.

    BUSSARD RAMJETS AND RELATED METHODS:

	G. L. Matloff and A. J. Fennelly, "Interstellar Applications and
	Limitations of Several Electrostatic/Electromagnetic Ion Collection
	Techniques", JBIS 30 (1977):213-222

	N. H. Langston, "The Erosion of Interstellar Drag Screens", JBIS 26
	(1973): 481-484

	C. Powell, "Flight Dynamics of the Ram-Augmented Interstellar
	Rocket", JBIS 28 (1975):553-562

	A. R. Martin, "The Effects of Drag on Relativistic Spacefight", JBIS
	25 (1972):643-652

    FUSION:

	"A Laser Fusion Rocket for Interplanetary Propulsion", Roderick Hyde,
	LLNL report UCRL-88857. (Contact the Technical Information Dept. at
	Livermore)

	    Fusion Pellet design: Fuel selection. Energy loss mechanisms.
	    Pellet compression metrics. Thrust Chamber: Magnetic nozzle.
	    Shielding. Tritium breeding. Thermal modeling. Fusion Driver
	    (lasers, particle beams, etc): Heat rejection. Vehicle Summary:
	    Mass estimates. Vehicle Performance: Interstellar travel
	    required exhaust velocities at the limit of fusion's capability.
	    Interplanetary missions are limited by power/weight ratio.
	    Trajectory modeling. Typical mission profiles. References,
	    including the 1978 report in JBIS, "Project Daedalus", and
	    several on ICF and driver technology.

	"Fusion as Electric Propulsion", Robert W. Bussard, Journal of
	Propulsion and Power, Vol. 6, No. 5, Sept.-Oct. 1990

	    Fusion rocket engines are analyzed as electric propulsion
	    systems, with propulsion thrust-power-input-power ratio (the
	    thrust-power "gain" G(t)) much greater than unity. Gain values
	    of conventional (solar, fission) electric propulsion systems are
	    always quite small (e.g., G(t)<0.8). With these, "high-thrust"
	    interplanetary flight is not possible, because system
	    acceleration (a(t)) capabilities are always less than the local
	    gravitational acceleration. In contrast, gain values 50-100
	    times higher are found for some fusion concepts, which offer
	    "high-thrust" flight capability. One performance example shows a
	    53.3 day (34.4 powered; 18.9 coast), one-way transit time with
	    19% payload for a single-stage Earth/Mars vehicle. Another shows
	    the potential for high acceleration (a(t)=0.55g(o)) flight in
	    Earth/moon space.

	"The QED Engine System: Direct Electric Fusion-Powered Systems for
	Aerospace Flight Propulsion" by Robert W. Bussard, EMC2-1190-03,
	available from Energy/Matter Conversion Corp., 9100 A. Center
	Street, Manassas, VA 22110.

	    [This is an introduction to the application of Bussard's version
	    of the Farnsworth/Hirsch electrostatic confinement fusion
	    technology to propulsion. 1500<Isp<5000 sec. Farnsworth/Hirsch
	    demonstrated a 10**10 neutron flux with their device back in
	    1969 but it was dropped when panic ensued over the surprising
	    stability of the Soviet Tokamak. Hirsch, responsible for the
	    panic, has recently recanted and is back working on QED. -- Jim
	    Bowery]

	"PLASMAKtm Star Power for Energy Intensive Space Applications", by
	Paul M. Koloc, Eight ANS Topical Meeting on Technology of Fusion
	Energy, special issue FUSION TECHNOLOGY, March 1989.

	    Aneutronic energy (fusion with little or negligible neutron
	    flux) requires plasma pressures and stable confinement times
	    larger than can be delivered by current approaches. If plasma
	    pressures appropriate to burn times on the order of milliseconds
	    could be achieved in aneutronic fuels, then high power densities
	    and very compact, realtively clean burning engines for space and
	    other special applications would be at hand. The PLASMAKtm
	    innovation will make this possible; its unique pressure
	    efficient structure, exceptional stability, fluid-mechanically
	    compressible Mantle and direct inductive MHD electric power
	    conversion advantages are described. Peak burn densities of tens
	    of megawats per cc give it compactness even in the
	    multi-gigawatt electric output size. Engineering advantages
	    indicate a rapid development schedule at very modest cost. [I
	    strongly recommend that people take this guy seriously. Bob
	    Hirsch, the primary proponent of the Tokamak, has recently
	    declared Koloc's PLASMAKtm precursor, the spheromak, to be one
	    of 3 promising fusion technologies that should be pursued rather
	    than Tokamak. Aside from the preceeding appeal to authority, the
	    PLASMAKtm looks like it finally models ball-lightning with solid
	    MHD physics. -- Jim Bowery]

    ION DRIVES:

	Retrieve files pub/SPACE/SPACELINK/6.5.2.* from the Ames SPACE
	archive; these deal with many aspects of ion drives and describe the
	SERT I and II missions, which flight-tested cesium ion thrusters in
	the 1960s and 70s. There are numerous references.

    MASS DRIVERS (COILGUNS, RAILGUNS):

	IEEE Transactions on Magnetics (for example, v. 27 no. 1, January
	1991 issue). Every so often they publish the proceedings of the
	Symposium on Electromagnetic Launcher Technology, including hundreds
	of papers on the subject. It's a good look at the state of the art,
	though perhaps not a good tutorial for beginners. Anybody know some
	good review papers?

    NUCLEAR ROCKETS (FISSION):

	"Technical Notes on Nuclear Rockets", by Bruce W. Knight and Donald
	Kingsbury, unpublished. May be available from: Donald Kingsbury,
	Math Dept., McGill University, PO Box 6070, Station A, Montreal,
	Quebec M3C 3G1 Canada.

    SOLAR SAILS:

	Starsailing. Solar Sails and Interstellar Travel. Louis Friedman,
	Wiley, New York, 1988, 146 pp., paper $9.95. (Not very technical,
	but an adequate overview.)

	"Roundtrip Interstellar Travel Using Laser-Pushed Lightsails
	(Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, vol. 21, pp. 187-95, Jan.-Feb.
	1984)

    TETHERS:

	_Tethers and Asteroids for Artificial Gravity Assist in the Solar
	System,_ by P.A. Penzo and H.L. Mayer., _Journal of Spacecraft
	and Rockets_ for Jan-Feb 1986.

	    Details how a spacecraft with a kevlar tether of the same mass
	    can change its velocity by up to slightly less than 1 km/sec. if
	    it is travelling under that velocity wrt a suitable asteroid.

    GENERAL:

	"Alternate Propulsion Energy Sources", Robert Forward
	    AFPRL TR-83-067.
	    NTIS AD-B088 771/1	  PC A07/MF A01   Dec 83 138p

	    Keywords: Propulsion energy, metastable helium, free-radical
	    hydrogen, solar pumped (sic) plasmas, antiproton annihiliation,
	    ionospheric lasers, solar sails, perforated sails, microwave
	    sails, quantum fluctuations, antimatter rockets... It's a wide,
	    if not deep, look at exotic energy sources which might be useful
	    for space propulsion. It also considers various kinds of laser
	    propulsion, metallic hydrogen, tethers, and unconventional
	    nuclear propulsion. The bibliographic information, pointing to
	    the research on all this stuff, belongs on every daydreamer's
	    shelf.

	Future Magic. Dr. Robert L. Forward, Avon, 1988. ISBN 0-380-89814-4.

	    Nontechnical discussion of tethers, antimatter, gravity control,
	    and even futher-out topics.


    SPY SATELLITES

    *Deep Black*, by William Burrows;
	"best modern general book for spysats."

    1) A Base For Debate: The US Satellite Station at Nurrungar, Des Ball,
    Allen and Unwin Australia, 1987 ISBN 0 04 355027 4 [ covers DSP early
    warning satellites]

    2) Pine Gap: Australia and the US Geostationary Signals intelligence
    satellite program, Des Ball, Allen and Unwin Australia, 1988 ISBN 0 04
    363002 5. [covers RHYOLITE/AQUACADE, CHALET/VORTEX, and MAGNUM signals
    intelligence satellites]

    3) Guardians: Strategic Reconnaissance Satellites, Curtis Peebles, 1987,
    Ian Allan, ISBN 0 7110 17654 [ good on MOL, military Salyut and Soviet
    satellites, less so on others. Tends to believe what he's told so flaws
    in discussion of DSP, RHYOLITE et al..]

    4) America's Secret Eyes In Space: The Keyhole Spy Satellite Program,
    Jeffrey Richelson, 1990, Harper and Row, ISBN 0 88730 285 8 [ in a class
    of its own, *the* historical reference on the KEYHOLE satellites]

    5) Secret Sentries in Space, Philip J Klass, 1971.
	"long out of print but well worth a look"


    SPACE SHUTTLE COMPUTER SYSTEMS

    %J Communications of the ACM
    %V 27
    %N 9
    %D September 1984
    %K Special issue on space [shuttle] computers

    %A Myron Kayton
    %T Avionics for Manned Spacecraft
    %J IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems
    %V 25
    %N 6
    %D November 1989
    %P 786-827

    Other various AIAA and IEEE publications.

    Computers in Spaceflight: The NASA Experience
    James E.  Tomayko
    1988?


    SETI COMPUTATION (SIGNAL PROCESSING)

    %A D. K. Cullers
    %A Ivan R. Linscott
    %A Bernard M. Oliver
    %T Signal Processing in SETI
    %J Communications of the ACM
    %V 28
    %N 11
    %D November 1984
    %P 1151-1163
    %K CR Categories and Subject Descriptors: D.4.1 [Operating Systems]:
    Process Management - concurrency; I.5.4 [Pattern Recognition]:
    Applications - signal processing; J.2 [Phsyical Sciences and Engineering]:
    astronomy
    General Terms: Design
    Additional Key Words and Phrases: digital Fourier transforms,
    finite impulse-response filters, interstellar communications,
    Search for Extra-terrestrial Intelligence, signal detection,
    spectrum analysis


    AMATEUR SATELLIES & WEATHER SATELLITES

    A fairly long writeup on receiving and interpreting weather satellite
    photos is available from the Ames SPACE archive in
    pub/SPACE/FAQ/WeatherPhotos.

    The American Radio Relay League publication service offers the following
    references (also see the section on AMSAT in the space groups segment of
    the FAQ):

	ARRL Satellite Experimenters Handbook,		#3185, $20
	ARRL Weather Satellite Handbook,		#3193, $20
	IBM-PC software for Weather Satellite Handbook, #3290, $10

	AMSAT NA 5th Space Symposium,			#0739, $12
	AMSAT NA 6th Space Symposium,			#2219, $12

	Shipping is extra.

    The American Radio Relay League
    Publications Department
    225 Main Street
    Newington, CT 06111
    (203)-666-1541


    TIDES

    Srinivas Bettadpur contributed a writeup on tides, available from the
    Ames SPACE archive in pub/SPACE/FAQ/Tides. It covers the following
    areas:

	- 2-D Example of Tidal Deformation
	- Treatment of Tidal Fields in Practice
	- Long term evolution of the Earth-Moon system under tides

    The writeup refers to the following texts:

	"Geophysical Geodesy" by K. Lambeck
	"Tides of the planet Earth" by P. Melchior
To: ad994@Freenet.carleton.ca

JW> 1) Where is there a book or code that will teach me how
JW> to read and write pcx,dbf,and gif files?

JW> 2) How do I access the extra ram on my paradise video board
JW> so I can do paging in the higher vga modes ie: 320x200x256
JW> 800x600x256

JW> 3) anybody got a line on a good book to help answer these question?

Here are some that I have that are very good:

  Graphics File Formats, Kay and Levine, ISBN 0-8306-3059-7
  Supercharged Bitmapped Graphics, Rimmer, ISBN 0-8306-3788-5
  Programmer's Guide to the EGA and VGA Cards, Ferraro,
     ISBN 0-201-57025-4 (has a whole chapter on Paradise SVGA)

Dave
First off: Thanks to all who have filled me in on the existence of the
68070. I assumed rashly that the particular number would be reserved for
further enhancements to the Motorola line, rather than meted out to
another company. Ah, well, I guess that's what I get when I assume the
computer industry will operate in a logical manner! ;-)

a
spot

Version 1.5 of Quicktime is, as has been stated, the current version of
the software. The older version is 1.0, and 1.6 is on the horizon in the
not too distant future.

back quite
25x by
that it
he

Quicktime does a much better job of playing back movies at size than it
does playing back resized movies. Apparently the process of expanding
each frame's image and dithering the resultant bitmap to the appropriate
bit depth is pretty processor-intensive. There are optimizers that work
pretty well for showing movies at double size, but if you drop to 1.9x
size or increase to 2.1x size, performance suffers dramatically.

(don't know
Quicktime

He lied. :-) Quicktime is very CPU dependent. He was probably confused by
the fact that QT is locked to an internal timecode, and will play in the
same amount of time on any machine. However, an LC will drop frames in
order to keep the sound and video synced up.

The Centris and Quadras have similar CPUs and will thus boast similar
performance, though the Quadras will be a bit faster due to marginally
faster clock speeds and somewhat different architecture.

having
was

I expect that the version of the Quicktime software you saw was 1.0 -- I
was using was 1.5. One of the new codecs in v1.5 allows video at nearly
twice the size and the same frame rate as what version 1.0 could handle.
The Centris 650 I saw was a plain-vanilla, with the exception of the nice
speakers that were playing the sound, and the software was Movie Player,
the QT player Apple includes with the software.

Please excuse the interruption.
 
I am seeking pro-life activists to fill out a 13-page questionnaire
on attitutes, opinions, and activities.  If you would be willing
to participate in this research, please email me privately at
KSTE@PURCCVM.BITNET.  All replies and questionnaires will be
made anonymous prior to printout and will be kept confidential.
 
Thank you very much for your help.
 
--Kerry at Purdue


Brian K., guess what?  You missed the point.  On a scale from cold to
hot, you are at 0 degrees Kelvin.


Then as you understand it, what is it?


Yes.  I agree with that.  But what does that have to do with Jesus?
Punishment you say?  Jesus did not regard his death as punishment. 


Good.  I wouldn't either--not the way you understand it.  


Ask Jesus himself.  He himself said why in John 12:23-32.  It
isn't a mystery to anyone and there certainly is no need for
a persuasive argument.   Read Jesus's own reply to your
question.

Jesus gives more reasons in John 16:7.  But one obvious reason
why Jesus died, (and as with everything else, it has nothing do with
his punishment) was that he could rise to life again--so that
we would "stop doubting and believe" (John 21:27).  The fact
that Jesus rose from the dead is my hope that I too will rise
from the dead.  It is an obvious point.  Do not overlook it.
Without this obvious point, I would have no hope
and my faith would be vanity.

Why did Jesus suffer in his death?  Again, ask Jesus.  Jesus
says why in John 15:18-25.   That's no mystery either.  "The
world hates him without reason."  It is a direct proclamation
of how far we humans botch things up and thus, how much we
need a Saviour.
sandvik@newton.apple.com (Kent Sandvik) writes...



KS, I see you're wanting Malcolm's response. Allow me one last inter-
jection then please:

Distinguishing among the religious Jews, you've excepted the Messianic
for obvious reasons. Specifically, are you saying it's these religious 
Jews, who trace their lineage back to Abraham by blood and orthodoxy, 
rather than by faith, who won't agree?  Orthodox Jews?  

As to the a/a (if I understand your direction), the issue remains 
unproven I suspect, considering how atheists and agnostics so often 
look to reason. Atheist, it is reasonable to conclude will not agree.
For agnostics, a poll seems in order. Who knows?  Myself, I'm not so 
sure the atheists can be counted out. 

For the orthodox, I wonder how many would follow Moses, or Abraham,
or David in accepting God's Word? Is the particular covenant to which
one adheres, more important than God promisimg? I reckon for many it
depends on the ongoing dialogue. Under these considerations, you might 
understand why I think it's premature to assert who will and won't agree.
}>}So stop dodging the question.  What is hypocritical about my
}>}criticizing bad arguments, given that I do this both when I agree
}>}with the conclusion and when I disagree with the conclusion?  
}>
}>You are the one who has claimed to possess the fruits of precognition,
}>telepathy, and telempathy.  Divine it yourself.
}
}Another dodge.  Oh well.  I'm no match for your amazing repertoire
}of red herrings and smoke screens.  
}
}You asked for an apology.  I'm not going to apologize for pointing out
}that your straw-man argument was a straw-man argument.  Nor for saying
}that your list of "bible contradictions" shows such low standards of
}scholarship that it should be an embarrassment to anti-inerrantists,
}just as Josh McDowell should be an embarrassment to the fundies.  Nor
}for objecting various times to your taking quotes out of context.  Nor
}for pointing out that "they do it too" is not an excuse. Nor for calling
}your red herrings and smoke screens what they are.

How about the following inaccurate, unsubstantiated accusations:
In 8257@blue.cis.pitt.edu
	- but no "threat" produced 
	- display of telepathy
	- in spite of no "threat" produced, nor forecast ever happening (precognition?)
	- in spite of claimed threat never being given
	- in spite of it never happening.  telepathy or precognition?
	- unsubstantiated and untrue.  more telepathy?  Or maybe telempathy?
	- unsubstantiated again.  Seems to be a habit...

Having more trouble with reality, it appears.  Why get bothered with the facts when
you appear to have the products of paranatural divination methods?

On a slightly different note:

There are two buildings in NY state with big 666 numbers on the
roof :)

One in Manhattan and one near Garden City. The Garden City one
is a nice black unmarked building...




If you agree that good works have a role somewhere, you will 
generally find yourself in one of two camps: 

   (1) Faith + Works --> Salvation
or (2) Faith --> Salvation + Works

Either (1) works are required for salvation, or (2) faith will 
inevitably result in good works. 

I am also of the opinion that salvation is by faith alone, based on
Ephesians 2 and Romans 3:21-31.  I also conclude that James 2, when 
read in context, is teaching bullet (2) above. When James speaks of 
justification, I would claim that he is not speaking of God declaring
the believing sinner innocent in His sight (Paul's use of the word). 
Instead he is speaking of the sinner's profession of faith being 
"justified" or "proven" by the display of good works. Also according 
to James 2, the abscence of such works is evidence for a "dead" or 
"useless" faith which fails to save.

James 2 is not a problem for the doctrine of salvation by faith if it
is teaching (2).  Works would have their place, not as merit toward 
salvation, but as evidence of true faith. 

Regards,

---
Dave Weaver               | "He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to
weaver@chdasic.sps.mot.com|  gain what he cannot lose." - Jim Elliot (1949)

[There are of course a number of other possibilities.  The Reformers
believed

  salvation --> faith --> works

Some of us suspect that the three things are tied up together in such a way
that no diagram of this form can do it justice.
Hi, I'm just getting into PoVRay and I was wondering if there is a graphic
package that outputs .POV files.  Any help would be appreciated.
Thanks.

Later'ish
Craig

Mark Gregory Foster writes (concerning 1 Corinthians 16:2):

 > The idea was introduced to me once that the reason Paul wanted
 > the Corinthians to lay aside money for the collection on the
 > first day of the week was that this was when they received their
 > weekly wages.

But the ancient Romans did not observe a seven-day week.  Unless a
man was working for a Jewish employer, he is unlikely to have been
paid on the first day of a seven-day week. Nor would a Jewish
employer have kept his wages over the week-end (see Lev 19:13; Dt
24:15).
But as many as received him,
	to them gave he power
	to become the sons of God,
	even to them that believe on his name:
My brother has been alienated from my parents and me since shortly after
his marriage to a domineering and insecure woman, about twelve years ago.
We've kept things on a painfully polite, Christmas-card sort of level
for most of this time. Attempts to see each other end disastrously, with
his wife throwing a screaming fit and storming out over either our imagined
slights to her, or his inattention or insensitivity to her (I mean, this'll
happen by the end of a single restaurant meal). He seems, from what I've
seen, to live in a state of quivering anxiety, hoping futilely to keep
the next storm from breaking. He has sacrificed not only meaningful contact
with us but also other friends and outside interests. Now, this is his
choice, and I need to accept it even if I deplore it. But it's hard.
   From time to time I've wanted to drop the pretense that we have a
relationship--by cutting off contact--or trying to have a real if painful
relationship, by talking honestly with him, but I've always thought, "Why
be dramatic? And you know he'll only get evasive and then find some excuse
to get off the phone. Just leave the door open, in case he ever decides to
come back." It's been an unsatisfying choice, to allow us to go on
with the superficial trappings of a relationship, but it was the best I
could think of.
   Now, this weekend, my mother finally decided that she wasn't going
to pretend any more and has cut off relations with them. This was the
outcome of a phone conversation in which my sister-in-law screamed and
raved at my mother, blaming her for everything wrong in their lives, and
in which my brother evaded, temporized, claimed the situation was
beyond his control, and as always expected my mother to make all the
allowances and concessions. Mom said she would not, that she would not
quietly take abuse any more, and that if these were the terms of their
relationship, she didn't want to talk to or see them any more. And she hung
up. (I have never seem my mother lose her temper, and I think that this is
the first time she's ever hung up on someone.) Mom says she feels as if
she's divorced my brother, and that it's a relief in some ways to have the
break out in the open and done with.
 
    I have mixed feelings. I'm proud of Mom for sticking up for herself;
angry at my brother and sister-in-law for hurting her, for being jerks, for
persisting in such a wretched life, which hurts us all and is warping their
children; angry at my sister-in-law for being so hateful, and angry at my
brother for being a coward and having so little respect for himself or us
that he's willing to throw us aside and use up all his energy trying to
appease an unappeasable,
emotionally disturbed woman; pained for their children, who are a mess;
scared for the future, since this marks the time when either things will
change and improve or the break will become irrevocable; nastily self-
righteous over this bit of proof that they can't "get away" with treating
us or each other this way, and then disgusted with myself for even
beginning to gloat over others' misery; and finally, mostly, sad, sad,
sad, to see my parents hurt and my brother and sister-in-law trapped in
a horrible, destructive situation that they can't see a way out of--or
they can't bear to take whatever paths they do see. And I'm frustrated
because I don't know what if anything to do, and doing nothing drives me
up the wall. I try to pray, about my own feelings of rage, impotence,
and vindictiveness, and about their situation, but I am not
free of the desire to *DO* something concrete. (The desire to *DO*
something, to define a problem and fix it, is one of my besetting
vices; I'm having a terrible time quieting down my internal
mental chatter enough to listen for God.)
  Do you thoughtful and kind people on the net have advice for me? Is
this a time to reach out to my brother? To let things be? How can I
conquer my rage AT him enough to be there FOR him?
 
Here's the big question I've been evading throughout this long, long
post: Is it ok, as a Christian and a proponent of faith, hope, and
charity, to accept the destruction of a relationship? To give up on
my own brother, or at least to accept that I am powerless to help him
and can only wait and see what happens? Do please answer--by e-mail or
post.
 
Thank you.
I recently got a file describing a library of rendering routines 
called SIPP (SImple Polygon Processor).  Could anyone tell me where I can 
FTP the source code and which is the newest version around?
        Also, I've never used Renderman so I was wondering if Renderman 
is like SIPP?  ie. a library of rendering routines which one uses to make 
a program that creates the image...

                                        Thanks,  Joe Tham


Lets hear it for Dan Goldin...now if he can only convince the rest of
our federal government that the space program is a worth while
investment!

I hope that I will live to see the day we walk on Mars, but
we need to address the technical hurdles first!  If there's sufficient
interest, maybe we should consider starting a sci.space group 
devoted to the technical analysis of long-duration human spaceflight.
Most of you regulars know that I'm interested in starting this analysis
as soon as possible.
THE DIVINE MASTERS       
      
               Most Christians would agree, and correctly so, that 
          Jesus Christ was a Divine Master, and a projection of God 
          into the physical world, God Incarnate. 
          
               But there are some very important related facts that 
          Christians are COMPLETELY IGNORANT of, as are followers of 
          most other world religions. 
           
               First, Jesus Christ was NOT unique, John 3:16 NOTWITH-
          STANDING.  There is ALWAYS at least one such Divine Master 
          (God Incarnate) PHYSICALLY ALIVE in this world AT ALL TIMES, 
          a continuous succession THROUGHOUT HISTORY, both before and 
          after the life of Jesus. 
    
               The followers of some of these Masters founded the 
          world's major religions, usually PERVERTING the teachings of 
          their Master in the process.  Christians, for example, added 
          THREATS of "ETERNAL DAMNATION" in Hell, and DELETED the 
          teaching of REincarnation. 
       
               Secondly, and more importantly, after a particular 
          Master physically dies and leaves this world, there is 
          NOTHING that He can do for ANYbody except for the relatively 
          few people that He INITIATED while He was still PHYSICALLY 
          alive.  (THAT IS SIMPLY THE WAY GOD SET THINGS UP IN THE 
          UNIVERSES.)                             

               Therefore, all those Christians who worship Jesus, and 
          pray to Jesus, and expect Jesus to return and save them from 
          their sins, are only KIDDING THEMSELVES, and have allowed 
          themselves to be DUPED by a religion that was mostly 
          MANUFACTURED by the Romans. 
      
               And emotional "feelings" are a TOTALLY DECEIVING 
          indicator for religious validity. 
    
               These things are similarly true for followers of most 
          other major world religions, including Islam. 
     
               Thirdly, the primary function of each Master is to tune 
          His Initiates into the "AUDIBLE LIFE STREAM" or "SOUND 
          CURRENT", (referred to as "THE WORD" in John 1:1-5, and as 
          "The River of Life" in Revelation 22:1), and to personally 
          guide each of them thru the upper levels of Heaven while they 
          are still connected to their living physical bodies by a 
          "silver cord". 
    
               True Salvation, which completes a Soul's cycles of 
          REincarnation in the physical and psychic planes, is achieved 
          only by reaching at least the "SOUL PLANE", which is five 
          levels or universes above the physical universe, and this 
          canNOT be done without the help of a PHYSICALLY-Living Divine 
          Master. 
    
               One such Divine Master alive today is an American, Sri 
          Harold Klemp, the Living "Eck" Master or "Mahanta" for the 
          "Eckankar" organization, now headquartered in Minneapolis, 
          (P.O. Box 27300;  zip 55427). 
    
               Another Divine Master is Maharaj Gurinder Singh Ji, now 
          living in Punjab, India, and is associated with the "Sant 
          Mat" organization. 
      
               One of the classic books on this subject is "THE PATH OF 
          THE MASTERS" (Radha Soami Books, P.O. Box 242, Gardena, CA  
          90247), written in 1939 by Dr. Julian Johnson, a theologian 
          and surgeon who spent the last years of his life in India 
          studying under and closely observing the Sant Mat Master of 
          that time, Maharaj Sawan Singh Ji. 
    
               Several of the Eckankar books, including some authored 
          by Sri Paul Twitchell or Sri Harold Klemp, can be found in 
          most public and university libraries and some book stores, or 
          obtained thru inter-library loan.  The book "ECKANKAR--THE 
          KEY TO SECRET WORLDS", by Sri Paul Twitchell, is ANOTHER 
          classic. 
    
               Many Christians are likely to confuse the Masters with 
          the "Anti-Christ", which is or was to be a temporary world 
          dictator during the so-called "last days".  But the Masters 
          don't ever rule, even when asked or expected to do so as 
          Jesus was. 
    
               People who continue following Christianity, Islam, or 
          other orthodox religions with a physically-DEAD Master, will 
          CONTINUE on their cycles of REincarnation, between the 
          Psychic Planes and this MISERABLE physical world, until they 
          finally accept Initiation from a PHYSICALLY-LIVING Divine 
          Master. 
    
          
    
          RE-INCARNATION
          
               The book "HERE AND HEREAFTER", by Ruth Montgomery, 
          describes several kinds of evidence supporting REincarnation 
          as a FACT OF LIFE, including HYPNOTIC REGRESSIONS to past 
          lives [about 50% accurate; the subconscious mind sometimes 
          makes things up, especially with a bad hypnotist], 
          SPONTANEOUS RECALL (especially by young children, some of 
          whom can identify their most recent previous relatives, 
          homes, possessions, etc.), DREAM RECALL of past life experi-
          ences, DEJA VU (familiarity with a far off land while travel-
          ing there for the first time on vacation), the psychic read-
          ings of the late EDGAR CAYCE, and EVEN SUPPORTING STATEMENTS 
          FROM THE CHRISTIAN BIBLE including Matthew 17:11-13 (John the 
          Baptist was the REINCARNATION of Elias.) and John 9:1-2 (How 
          can a person POSSIBLY sin before he is born, unless he LIVED 
          BEFORE?!).  [ ALWAYS use the "KING JAMES VERSION".  Later 
          versions are PER-VERSIONS! ] 
          
               Strong INTERESTS, innate TALENTS, strong PHOBIAS, etc., 
          typically originate from a person's PAST LIVES.  For example, 
          a strong fear of swimming in or traveling over water usually 
          results from having DROWNED at the end of a PREVIOUS LIFE.  
          And sometimes a person will take AN IMMEDIATE DISLIKE to 
          another person being met for the first time in THIS life, 
          because of a bad encounter with him during a PREVIOUS 
          INCARNATION. 

               The teaching of REincarnation also includes the LAW OF 
          KARMA (Galatians 6:7, Revelation 13:10, etc.).  People would 
          behave much better toward each other if they knew that their 
          actions in the present will surely be reaped by them in the 
          future, or in a FUTURE INCARNATION! 



          "2nd COMINGS"

               If a Divine Master physically dies ("translates") 
          before a particular Initiate of His does, then when that 
          Initiate physically dies ("translates"), the Master will meet 
          him on the Astral level and take him directly to the Soul 
          Plane.  This is the ONE AND ONLY correct meaning of a 2nd 
          Coming.  It is an INDIVIDUAL experience, NOT something that 
          happens for everyone all at once.  People who are still 
          waiting for Jesus' "2nd Coming" are WAITING IN VAIN. 
    
          
          
          PLANES OF EXISTENCE

               The physical universe is the LOWEST of at least a DOZEN 
          major levels of existence.  Above the Physical Plane is the 
          Astral Plane, the Causal Plane, the Mental Plane, the Etheric 
          Plane (often counted as the upper part of the Mental Plane), 
          the Soul Plane, and several higher Spiritual Planes.  The 
          Soul Plane is the FIRST TRUE HEAVEN, (counting upward from 
          the Physical).  The planes between (but NOT including) the 
          Physical and Soul Planes are called the Psychic Planes. 
    
               It is likely that ESP, telepathy, astrological 
          influences, radionic effects, biological transmutations [See 
          the 1972 book with that title.], and other phenomena without 
          an apparent physical origin, result from INTERACTIONS between 
          the Psychic Planes and the Physical Plane. 
    
               The major planes are also SUB-DIVIDED.  For example, a 
          sub-plane of the Astral Plane is called "Hades", and the 
          Christian Hell occupies a SMALL part of it, created there 
          LESS THAN 2000 YEARS AGO by the EARLY CATHOLIC CHURCH by some 
          kind of black magic or by simply teaching its existence in a 
          THREATENING manner.  The Christian "Heaven" is located 
          elsewhere on the Astral Plane.  Good Christians will go there 
          for a short while and then REincarnate back to Earth. 
          
          
          
          SOUND CURRENT vs. BLIND FAITH

               The Christian religion demands of its followers an 
          extraordinary amount of BLIND FAITH backed up by little more 
          than GOOD FEELING (which is TOTALLY DECEIVING). 
       
               If a person is not HEARING some form of the "SOUND 
          CURRENT" ("THE WORD", "THE BANI", "THE AUDIBLE LIFE STREAM"), 
          then his cycles of REINCARNATION in this MISERABLE world WILL 
          CONTINUE. 
    
               The "SOUND CURRENT" manifests differently for different 
          Initiates, and can sound like a rushing wind, ocean waves on 
          the sea shore, buzzing bees, higher-pitched buzzing sound, a 
          flute, various heavenly music, or other sounds.  In Eckankar, 
          Members start hearing it near the end of their first year as 
          a Member.  This and other experiences (such as "SOUL TRAVEL") 
          REPLACE blind faith. 
    


               For more information, answers to your questions, etc., 
          please consult my CITED SOURCES (3 books, 2 addresses). 



               UN-altered REPRODUCTION and DISSEMINATION of this 
          IMPORTANT Information is ENCOURAGED. 

Can somebody elaborate on "Area Ruling".  I gather it's something to
do with aerodynamics of trans-sonic planes, and can be summarised as
"Coke bottle good, Coke can bad".  Anyone provide more details,
derivation etc?
Sorry but I forgot this ps.

Right now my sight is getting news about two weeks behind so it's 
kind of necessary (to me) that any responses be sent to me directly.


Thanks a lot

For all those people who insist I question authority: Why?

Chris Mussack
For some reason I never saw the original post on this thread, but if you are
looking for fast polygon routines on vga on a PC, you really can't go past
the mode X stuff from Dr Dobbs. This code is all p.domain (as far as I know),
and in the original articles, the routines were all presented as dumb vga
routines, and then optimised to modeX with some interesting discussion along
the way.
If you are interested, I could find out more details of the issues in question,
(I have them at home).

Henry, I made the assumption that he who gets there firstest with the mostest
wins. 

Ohhh, you want to put in FINE PRINT which says "Thou shall do wonderous R&D
rather than use off-the-shelf hardware"? Sorry, didn't see that in my copy.
Most of the Pournellesque proposals run along the lines of <some dollar
amount> reward for <some simple goal>.  

You go ahead and do your development, I'll buy off the shelf at higher cost (or
even Russian; but I also assume that there'd be some "Buy US" provos in there)
and be camped out in the Moon while you are launching and assembling little
itty-bitty payloads in LEO with your laser or gas gun.  And working out the
bugs of assembly & integration in LEO. 

Oh, hey, could I get a couple of CanadARMs tuned for the lunar environment?  I
wanna do some teleoperated prospecting while I'm up there...



Original to: szabo@techbook.com
G'day szabo@techbook.com

29 Mar 93 07:28, szabo@techbook.com wrote to All:

 sc> szabo@techbook.com (Nick Szabo), via Kralizec 3:713/602

 sc> Here are some longer-term markets to consider:

Here are some more:

* Terrestrial illumination from orbiting mirrors.

* World enviroment and disaster monitering system. (the Japanese have
already developed a plan for this, called WEDOS) Although this may be more
of a "public good".

* Space tourism.

* Energy relay satellites

ta

Ralph

Yes, I did punch in the wrong numbers (working too many late nites).  I
intended on stating 640x400 is 256,000 bytes.  It's not in the bios, just my
VESA TSR.



You are correct. See today's (4/21) Washington Post. The gas the
FBI used is most certainly fatal in high concentrations. Of course,
non-toxic tear gas is an oxymoron; the whole point of tear gas is
that it is toxic, and its toxic effects cause people to seek
fresh air.



RIX's files with the extension  .sci and .scf are just a RAW file with
a 256 color palette.
The first 10 bytes is a kind of header, with the name RIX among 7bytes unknown stuff. The you have 768 bytes of palette info (3*256 for the colors RGB)
and then you have the picture in raw format.
If you dont know how to make a viewer of of this description you can get VPIC
it is able to read the files!
I need a complete list of all the polygons
that there are, in order.

I'll summarize to the net.


--------------------------------------------------------
   "If only I had been compiled with the '-g' option."
I am looking for a WINDOW 3.1 driver  for 
     Cornerstone  DualPage (Cornerstone Technology, Inc) 
video card. Does  anybody know, that has these?  Is there one?

Thanks for any info,

To~nis

  For a commerical package try WAVE from  Precision Visuals
                                           505-530-6563

  For a free package try KHOROS from University of New Mexico
                                      508-277-6563
                                   ftp from
                              ptrg.eece.unm.edu

    Login in anonyomus or ftp  with a valid email address as the password
               cd /pub/khoros/release

   That will get you to the right place.


This is one of the differences between OT prophecy and NT prophecy.  In the
NT, it is expected that when believers gather,
  - people will prophesy
  - the prophecy must be judged (1 Cor 14:29)
There is nothing about killing someone who makes a mistake.


Scripture is scripture; there is no "gift of scripture".  And I don't know
about you, but I know that _I_ have made mistakes while filled with the
spirit.  If you don't give grace to allow people to make mistakes, they
will never grow in the use of the spiritual gifts!

When we minister in my small group, I encourage people to speak out any
impressions or images they think might be from the Lord.  Only by trying
will they know whether they were right or wrong -- and in either case,
they'll have a better handle on it the next time.

Didn't you fall when you were learning to ride a bicycle?  But you kept on
trying, and you learned both from your failures and your successes.
Spiritual gifts are no different -- you get better with experience.


The canon of Scripture is complete.  Does this mean that God no longer
speaks?  I have heard his voice -- not audibly (though some have), but
clearly nonetheless.  Is what I heard equivalent to Scripture?  No.  I have
never heard contemporary prophets claim that what they receive from the
Lord is on the same level as Scripture; on the contrary, those who are
mature obey the Scriptures by submitting their prophecies to fellow
believers for judgement.  And the most reliable yardstick for judging
prophecies is, certainly, the Scriptures themselves.  The canon is closed
-- but God is not silent!


Does it matter what it is called?  The question is not how to label it, but
how to receive it.  Words of knowledge, incidentally, are similar to
prophecy (and sometimes the two overlap), but generally it is supernatural
knowledge of some fact that could not be known otherwise.


Paul-- for the same reason that many other colonies are founded. Why not?

Here are some recent observations taken by the Hubble Space Telescope:

     o The Faint Object Spectrograph (FOS) was used to make ultraviolet
       observations of both the planet Pluto, and its moon Charon. The
       peakups were successful. The observations were executed as
       scheduled, and no problems were reported.

     o Observations were made using the High Speed Photometer of the Planet
       Uranus during an occultation by a faint star in Capricornus. These
       observations will help in our understanding of the planet's
       atmospheric radiative and dynamical processes. This event occurred
       close to the last quarter moon, and special arrangements had to be
       made to modify the lunar limit tests to allow these observations.
       The observations are currently being reviewed, and all the
       observations looked okay.
dillon comments that Space Food Sticks may have bad digestive properties.

I don't think so.  I think  most NASA food products were designed to
be low fiber 'zero-residue' products so as to minimize the difficulties
of waste disposal.  I'd doubt they'd deploy anything that caused whole sale
GI distress.  There aren't enough plastic baggies in the world for
a bad case of GI disease.

I certainly do use it whenever I have to do TIFF, and it usually works
very well.  That's not my point.  I'm >philosophically< opposed to it
because of its complexity.

This complexity has led to some programs' poor TIFF writers making
some very bizarre files, other programs' inability to load TIFF
images (though they'll save them, of course), and a general
inability to interchange images between different environments
despite the fact they all think they understand TIFF.

As the saying goes, "It's not me I'm worried about- it's all the
abuse of TIFF over the years, and I chalk it all up to the immense (and
unnecessary) complexity of the format.

In the words of the TIFF 5.0 spec, Appendix G, page G-1 (capitalized
emphasis mine):

"The only problem with this sort of success is that TIFF was designed
to be powerful and flexible, at the expense of simplicity.  It takes a
fair amount of effort to handle all the options currently defined in
this specification (PROBABLY NO APPLICATION DOES A COMPLETE JOB),
and that is currently the only way you can be >sure< that you will be
able to import any TIFF image, since there are so many
image-generating applications out there now."


If a program (or worse all applications) can't read >every< TIFF
image, that means there are some it won't- some that I might have to
deal with.  Why would I want my images to be trapped in that format?  I
don't and neither should anyone who agrees with my reasoning- not
that anyone does, of course! :-)
[insert deletion of Paul's and Aaron's discourse on anger, ref Galatians
5:19-20]

Oh, but they definitely can be.  Please look at Colossians 3:5-10 and
Ephesians 4:25-27.  Emotions can be controlled and God puts very strong
emphasis on self-control, otherwise, why would he have Paul write to
Timothy so much about making sure to teach self-control? 

[insert deletion of remainder of paragraph]


Please, re-think and re-read for yourself, Joe.  Again, the issue is
self-control especially over feelings and actions, for our actions stem
from our feelings in many instances.  As for God giving in to his anger,
that comes very soon.

You could argue that if you wanted, but I think a more reasonable 
argument would point out the fact that the remembrance feast was
very similar to the Pesach (Passover) meal during Seder, a very
Jewish ritual.
 
The fact that there appears to be an abuse in the early Church of
people eating too much (a very real concern with some Passover meals)
and not treating the meal with respect, shows the simplifying of the
ritual to just bread and wine to be a way of dealing with the
inherent problems of people's human nature, and trying to keep the
essentials of the remembrance aspects.

The CU people have been, and continue to be big ozone scientists. So 
this is consistent. It is also consistent with the new "Comercial 
applications" that NASA and Clinton are pushing so hard. 

Did anyone catch the rocket that was launched with a movie advert 
all over it? I think the rocket people got alot of $$ for painting 
up the sides with the movie stuff. What about the Coke/Pepsi thing 
a few years back? NASA has been trying to find ways to get other 
people into the space funding business for some time. Frankly, I've 
thought about trying it too. When the funding gets tight, only the 
innovative get funded. One of the things NASA is big on is co-funding. 
If a PI can show co-funding for any proposal, that proposal has a SIGNIFICANTLY
higher probability of being funded than a proposal with more merit but no 
co-funding. Once again, money talks!




Rick has nailed the problem down pretty well.

As I can find no Scripture (have I missed it ?) that details
when you are married, I have to make some assumptions based
on the PRINCIPLES of Scripture.  

It seems to me that it takes 3 parties to make a marriage:
husband-to-be, wife-to-be, and God.  If you promise before
each other and God that you will convenant together to be
married, then...you are (IMO).

So why do we have the ceremonial part ?  That seems to be
there for "connectedness" in the Body of Christ.  My brothers
and sisters ought to be involved so that there can be some
accountability on both our parts.  That's part of the concept
from Hebrews about "not forsaking the assembling of yourselves
together as is the custom of some."  We need each other because
Lone Ranger Christians and Lone Ranger Marriages smack of a
self sufficiency that the I don't see in the NT.  Does anyone
see the Paul Simon "I am a rock, I am an island..." model anywhere
in Christianity. (Song lyrics show your age :-) ) ?

Further, since marriage is a legal matter/institution in the USA
and many other places, and such laws do not specifically go
crosswise to the clear teachings of Scripture, we ought to
obey them to avoid even the appearance of "evil" (I Thess 5:22)

So this would imply at least a civil ceremony before marriage,
but keep in mind we are at least doing all of this for the 
conscience of others because back to the beginning...you are
married when you and your intended promise each other and God
to be in convenant. (IMO)

What ch'all think ?

Bobby - akgua!rjb
I don't know if this is the sort of thing you guys like
to discuss.  I guess it falls into the area of apologetics.

This is a question that seems to pop up now and again in
conversations with non-christians.  It usually appears in
the following sort of unqualified statement:
"Well you know that religion has caused more wars than
anything else"
It bothers me that I cannot seem to find a satisfactory
response to this. After all if our religion is all about
peace and love why have there been so many religious wars?
  Personally I am of the view that religion has often been
used as an excuse to instigate wars often to disguise
national ambitions but I would love to hear what anyone
else has to say about this subject.
  Thanks in advance
  Andrew J Fraser

(If we're thinking in terms of history, the Crusades,
Northern Ireland, Yugoslavia(?) come immediately to mind)

northern Ireland, Yugoslavia (? 
  
-- 
=========================================================================
There has been a lot of discussion about Tyre.  In sum, Ezekiel prophesied
that the place would be mashed and never rebuilt; as there are a lot of
people living there, it would appear that Ezekiel was not literally correct.

This doesn't bother me at all, because I understand the language Ezekiel used
differently than do so-called Biblical literalists.  For example, it sometimes
happens that someone says "My grandson is the cutest baby!" and then turns
around and sees the granddaughter and says "Oh!  Isn't she the cutest thing!?"

This person is not literally claiming to have lined up all the babies in the
world according to cuteness and discovered his own grandchildren tied for
first.  Rather, he is trying to express his emotions using words that are very
object-oriented.  Because this example is one that is common to many people,
nobody misunderstands the intent of the statements; the Bible, however, is
often at the mercy of people who assume that everything within must be exactly
literally true.  For those people, the existence of Tyre is a problem; for me,
it is not.


Turning to the latest person trying to defend Ezekiel, we read this from
John E King:


No, it implies nothing of the kind.  If you had nothing but the prophecy from
Ezekiel, and you were told you interpret it literally, you would never say
"Oh, he means that there will be houses and businesses and plants and stuff
like that."  You would read "I will make you a bare rock" and "You will never
be rebuilt", and you'd conclude that Tyre would be a bare rock.  The only way
to get from `fishing nets' to `houses and buildings and a medium-large
population' is if you KNOW that all that latter stuff is there.

In other words, your answer means that Ezekiel misled everybody who read the
prophecy at the time it was written.  There is no way that, given a literal
reading, they could read this passage and conclude "medium-size city".

You seem to feel that "Never be rebuilt" means "be rebuilt" -- maybe so, but
it is hardly a `clear implication'.




Well, no.  That's only a bit less than the population of Annapolis, where I'm
from.  You know, the Naval Acadamy, the state capital, George Washington
resigned his commission in the statehouse?  Annapolis may not be New York, but
it's at least a two-horse town.

But supposing 22,000 people is a "small town" -- it's still 22,000 people
MORE than Ezekiel predicted.


And you've said nothing about the other problem.  In chapter 26, Ezekiel
predicts that Nebuchadnezzar will will destroy Tyre and loot all their
valuables.  However, Nebuchadnezzar did NOT destroy Tyre, and in chapter 29
Ezekiel even quotes God as saying "he and his army got no reward from the
campaign he led against Tyre."

Let's ignore Alexander for a moment, and just pay attention to chapter 26.
Ezekiel says N. would destroy Tyre, and N. did NOT destroy Tyre.  Ezekiel says
that N. would plunder their valuables, but N. did NOT plunder their valuables.

Regardless of what you think about Tyre _now_, the fact is that N. died before
the place was destroyed.  Ezekiel said N. was going to do it, and N. did not.

 *

This post is, of course, pointless.  Inerrantists have an amazing ability
to rewrite the Bible as needed to fit whatever they want it to say.

For example, I expect Mr King to respond to the comments about Ezekiel 26
by pulling some "clear implications" out of hat.

When Ezekiel said that N. would "demolish your towers", that clearly implied
that the walls would still be standing so people would know where the towers
used to be.  And when Ezekiel said that N. would "demolish your fine houses
and throw your stones, timber and rubble into the sea", that clearly implied
that N. would never set foot on the island.  And when Ezekiel wrote that N.
would "build a ramp up to your walls", that clearly implies that N. would
spend 13 years stomping around on the mainland and never get close to the
walls.

See?  A few "clear implications" that are totally contrary to the text, and
you can reconcile anything you want.






The HGA isn't all that reflective in the wavelengths that might "cook the
focal elements", nor is its figure good on those scales--the problem is
that the antenna _itself_ could not be exposed to Venus-level sunlight,
lest like Icarus' wings it melt.  (I think it was glues and such, as well
as electronics, that they were worried about.)  Thus it had to remain
furled and the axis _always_ pointed near the sun, so that the small
sunshade at the tip of the antenna mast would shadow the folded HGA.
(A larger sunshade beneath the antenna shielded the spacecraft bus.)


How is a scriptural Levitical priesthood resumed?  Are there any Jews who 
can legitimately prove their Levite bloodline?
I am looking for a program that is capable of displaying a graph
with nodes and links and with the possibility to edit interactively
the graph : add one node, change one link etc...

Actually, a very _simple_ X11 program would be ok; all I need is to
put some "boxes" (i.e. the nodes ) on a pane and be able to
manipulate them with the mouse (move, add or delete boxes).

Does anyone know if such program is available ?
Thanks for any help !!

I'm a mac user who wants to use some of the rayshade models I've built
using macrayshade (rayshade-M) with Stratavision 3d.  Since Stratavision
can import many different model files I thought this would be a cinch...
but I haven't been able to find a simple translator that will work on the
mac.  Any ideas?

Stratavision 3d should be able to import:

DXF
MiniCAD
Super 3d
Swivel 3d professional

out of the box and:

RIB
IGS

with externals.

Also, if anyone knows of any other translator externals available for
Stratavision 3d (esp. Rayshade!) please e-mail me!

BTW, I'm going to send mail to the rayshade usrs mailing list tomorrow (I
misplaced the address) but since most users of rayshade do not seem to
operate with macs, I'm not getting my hopes up...

thanks in advance,

Graeme> 	Yes, that's known as "Bresenhams Run Length Slice Algorithm for
Graeme> Incremental lines". See Fundamental Algorithms for Computer Graphics,
Graeme> Springer-Verlag, Berlin Heidelberg 1985.


Graeme> 	Hmm. I don't think I can help you with this, but you might
Graeme> take a look at the following:

Graeme> 	"Double-Step Incremental Generation of Lines and Circles",
Graeme> X. Wu and J. G. Rokne, Computer Graphics and Image processing,
Graeme> Vol 37, No. 4, Mar. 1987, pp. 331-334

Graeme> 	"Double-Step Generation of Ellipses", X. Wu and J. G. Rokne,
Graeme> IEEE Computer Graphics & Applications, May 1989, pp. 56-69

Another paper you might want to consider is:

@article{fungdraw,
  title="A Run-Length Slice Line Drawing Algorithm without Division Operations",
  author="Khun Yee Fung and Tina M. Nicholl and A. K. Dewdney",
  journal="Computer Graphics Forum",
  year=1992,
  volume=11,
  number=3,
  pages="C-267--C-277"
}

Khun Yee



A developable surface is s.t. you can lay it (or roll it) flat on the
plane (it may require you to give it a "cut" though...)

E.g., a cylinder, a cone, a plane (of course!) or any surface or patch
having vanishing Gaussian (intrinsic) curvature (i.e., with singular
Hessian, the matrix of 2nd derivatives for an adequate coordinate patch)
are "developable". In more technical words, a developable surface is
"locally isometric to a plane" at all points.


Think also of the sphere (or the earth) which in a non-developable:
whatever way(s) you cut it, you will not be able to lay flat any pieces
of it... (its intrinsic curvature is nowhere vanishing).

For more details on this look at any book on differential geometry
which treats surfaces (2D manifolds); e.g., M. do Carmo's book:

@Book{Carmo76Differential,
  author =      {do Carmo, Manfredo P.},
  title =       {Differential Geometry of Curves and Surfaces},
  year =        1976,
  publisher =   {Prentice-Hall},
  note =        {503 pages.}}

Enjoy!

That would be neat, but nowhere in the Bible does it say
that one who has the gift of tounges can do this.  If the gift
of tounges were the ability to be understood by everyone,
no matter what languages they know, there would be no need for the
gift of interpretation, and I Corinthians 14 would not have had to
have been written. 



That's a pretty harsh assumption to make about a several million
Christians world wide.  Sure, there are some who want glory
for themselves who speak in tounges, just as there are among those
who do not have this gift.  There were people like this in the Corinthian
church also.  that does not mean that there is no true gift or that all
who speak in tounges do it for their own glory in the sight of men.  
I would venture to say that a large percentage of those who do speak in tounges 
do so more often in private prayer than in public.

Link Hudson
Has anyone looked into the possiblity of a Proton/Centaur combo?
What would be the benefits and problems with such a combo (other
than the obvious instability in the XSSR now)?


Superficially a good answer, but it isn't that simple.  An awful lot of the
starvation and poverty in the world is directly caused by the economic
policies of the Western countries, as well as by the diet of the typical
Westerner.  For instance, some third-world countries with terrible
malnutrition problems export all the soya they can produce -- so that it can
be fed to cattle in the US, to make tender juicy steaks and burgers.  They
have to do this to get money to pay the interest on the crippling bank loans
we encouraged them to take out.  Fund-raising for Ethiopia is a truly bizarre
idea; instead, we ought to stop bleeding them for every penny they've got.

Perhaps it's more accurate to say that there's a Western ethic against
Western infanticide.  All the evidence suggests that so long as the children
are dying in the Third World, we couldn't give a shit.  And that goes for the
supposed "Pro-Life" movement, too.  They could save far more lives by
fighting against Third World debt than they will by fighting against
abortion.  Hell, if they're only interested in fetuses, they could save more
of those by fighting for human rights in China.

And besides, Suzanne's answer implies that non-Western countries lack this
ethic against infanticide.  Apart from China, with its policy of mandatory
forced abortion in Tibet, I don't believe this to be the case.

Hi Folks not exactly certain if this is the best place to ask, but I am
searching for a summer internship in engineering.  I will be graduating in early
 May with a B.S. in aerospace engineering and then pursuing my Masters this Fall
.Does anyone know of anything that is available, I am in the process of applyi
ng to some of the larger companies (ie. MacDac, Martin Marietta, Lockheed.  If a
nyone knows of anything I would appreciate it if you could mail it to me.

Thanks in advance

I agree.  God makes the husband the head of the house.  But he surely
can't do it alone.  He needs the help of his beloved wife whom the
Lord gave him.

At least that's how it is in my house.  I thank God for the beautiful
woman He has brought into my life.  I couldn't lead without the help
of my wonderful wife.




 Are you using the traditional radiosity method, progressive refinement, or
  something else in your package?

 If you need to project patches on the hemi-cube surfaces, what technique are
  you using?  Do you have hardware to facilitate the projection?




  What are the guest username and password for this ftp site?




   Thanks, Stephan.

To All -- I thought the net would find this amusing..
  
From the March 1993 "Aero Vision" (The newsletter for the Employees
of McDonnell Douglas Aerospace at Huntington Beach, California).
  
  SPACE CLIPPERS LAUNCHED SUCCESSFULLY
  
  "On Monday, March 15 at noon, Quest Aerospace Education, Inc.
  launched two DC-Y Space Clippers in the mall near the cafeteria.
  The first rocket was launched by Dr. Bill Gaubatz, director and
  SSTO program manager, and the second by Air Force Captain Ed
  Spalding, who with Staff Sgt. Don Gisburne represents Air Force
  Space Command, which was requested by SDIO to assess the DC-X for
  potential military operational use.  Both rocket launches were
  successful.  The first floated to the ground between the cafeteria
  and Building 11, and the second landed on the roof of the
  cafeteria.
  
  Quest's Space Clipper is the first flying model rocket of the
  McDonnell Douglas DC-X.  The 1/122nd semi-scale model of the
  McDonnell Douglas Delta Clipper has an estimated maximum altitude
  of 300 feet.  The Space Clippers can be used in educational
  settings to teach mathematics and science, as well as social
  studies and other applications.  The Space Clipper is available
  either in the $35 Space Clipper outfit, which includes everything
  needed for three launches, or as individual rockets for $12 each.
  Both are available through hobby shops or by calling 1-800-858-
  7302."
  
By the way -- this is not an endorsement to buy the product nor is
it an advertisement to buy the product.  I make no claims about the
product.  This is posted for public information only (hey, I found
it amusing...), and is merely a repeat of what was included in the
MDSSC Huntington Beach Newsletter.
  
-----------------------------------------------------------------
 Wales Larrison                         Space Technology Investor
  
Todays New York TImes just wrote about a pact being negotiated 
between us and the Russians  to develope  High Temperature
Gas Cooled Fission Reactors using Re-Cycled Weapons Grade plutonium
from Warhead stockpiles.   THe fuel will be pelletized in ceramic
for safety,  and then after depletion will be sufficiently
contaminated with by-products to make extraction of the remaining
plutonium hazardous enough to deter re-use.

Apparently the project will be led by General Atomics of San Diego
with funding from the US GOvernment.  THe pilot plant will be built
and operated by the russians.




Well, I think that most Christians believe that your conciousness will
somehow continue on after your 'physical' death, which contradicts what
most atheists (myself included) believe, namely that your conciousness,
being contained in your brain, dies when your brain dies.


I fear the pain that often comes with the process of dying, but since I
won't be around to worry about it, I don't fear eternal death.


This is something I've always found confusing.  If all your nerve endings
die with your physical body, why would flame hurt you?  How can one "wail
and gnash teeth" with no lungs and no teeth?

[">"= Mark, ">>"= mp]



    I am sorry you find these charges amusing, Mark. I understand your
frustration though--it can be kind of scary to find your assumptions
challenged. Some of the specific cultural interference to which I refer
includes linguistic manipulation, for instance, their Tzotzil-Spanish
dictionary removed both Spanish and Tzotzil words for concepts which are
threatening to the ruling ideology, e.g., class, conquer, exploitation,
repression, revolution, and described words which can express
ideological concepts in examples like "Boss--the boss is good. He treats
us well and pays us a good wage." As some of my students would say,
"NOT!"  
     Your tone implies that you are unlikely to believe me--indeed, why
should you? If you are interested enough to do some further research
though, and you sound as if you are, here are some references for you.
 
Stoll, David. _Fishers of Men or Founders of Empire? The Wycliffe Bible
Translators in Latin America_.
_Sectas y Religiosidad en America Latina_.
_Los Angeles Times_, Dec. 11. 1977.
_Latin America Press_, May 19, 1983.
_Washington Times_, June 22, 1984.

     Happy hunting.
Hey!? What happened to the solar sail race that was supposed to be
for Columbus+500?
I'm looking for any leads to the source of a good Windows
Meta File converter or interpreter. I need this for use
outside the Windows environment. PD sources preferred, but
not a requirement. Please reply to the address below.

Hi!

	Anyone know anything about the Interdisciplinary Bible Research
Institute, operating out of Hatfield, Pa?

	I'm really interested in their theories on old-earth
(as opposed to young earth) and what they believe about evolution.

	Thanks,
		In the Master,

		Charley.


--
       Seek God and you will find, among other things,
                          piercing pleasure.
       
       Seek pleasure and you will find boredom, disillusionment        
                      and enslavement.
       
                               John White (Eros Defiled).	
Rick Anderson replied to my letter with...

ra> In article <C5ELp2.L0C@acsu.buffalo.edu>,
ra>
ra> >     Well, Jason, it's heretical in a few ways. The first point is that
ra> >     this equates Lucifer and Jesus as being the same type of being.
ra> >     However, Lucifer is a created being: "Thou [wast] perfect in thy
ra> >     ways from the day that thou wast created, till iniquity was found in
ra> >     thee." (Ezekiel 28:15). While Jesus is uncreated, and the Creator of
ra> >     all things: "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with
ra> >     God, and the Word was God.  The same was in the beginning with God.
ra> >     All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made
ra> >     that was made." (John 1:1-3) "And he is before all things, and by
ra> >     him all things consist." (Colossians 1:17)
ra>
ra>    Your inference from the Ezekiel and John passages that Lucifer was
ra> "created" and that Jesus was not depends on a particular interpetation of
ra> the word "create" -- one with which many Christians may not agree.
ra> Granted the Mormon belief that all of God's children (including Christ
ra> and Lucifer) are eternally existent intelligences which were "organized"
ra> into spirit children by God, the term "creation" can apply equally well
ra> to both of those passages.

     Just briefly, on something that you mentioned in passing. You refer to
     differing interpretations of "create," and say that many Christians may
     not agree. So what? That is really irrelevant. We do not base our faith
     on how many people think one way or another, do we? The bottom line is
     truth, regardless of popularity of opinions.

     Also, I find it rather strange that in trying to persuade that created
     and eternally existent are equivalent, you say "granted the Mormon
     belief..." You can't grant your conclusion and then expect the point to
     have been addressed. In order to reply to the issue, you have to address
     and answer the point that was raised, and not just jump to the
     conclusion that you grant.

     The Bible states that Lucifer was created.  The Bible states that Jesus
     is the creator of all. The contradiction that we have is that the LDS
     belief is that Jesus and Lucifer were the same.

ra> >     Your point that we all are brothers of Jesus and Lucifer is also
ra> >     heretical, since we are not innately brothers and sisters of Christ.
ra> >     We are adopted, "For ye have not received the spirit of bondage
ra> >     again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby
ra> >     we cry, Abba, Father." (Romans 8:15); and not the natural children
ra> >     of God. It is only through faith that we even enter the family of
ra> >     God; "For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus."
ra> >     (Galatians 3:26). And it is only through the manifestation of this
ra> >     faith in receiving Jesus that we are become the sons of God.  "But
ra> >     as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of
ra> >     God, [even] to them that believe on his name: Which were born, not
ra> >     of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but
ra> >     of God." (John 1:12-13)
ra>
ra>    Has it occured to you, Robert, that being "born of" someone or being
ra> of that person (or Person)'s "family" may be a symbolic term in the New
ra> Testament?  Mormons believe that we are "adopted" into the House of
ra> Israel through baptism and faith in Christ, although some have expressed
ra> belief that this does evince a physical change in our bodies.

     The Mormon belief is that all are children of God. Literally. There is
     nothing symbolic about it. This however, contradicts what the Bible
     says. The Bible teaches that not everyone is a child of God:

          The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the 
          kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked [one];
          (Matthew 13:38)

          I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which 
          ye have seen with your father. (John 8:38)

          Ye do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not 
          born of fornication; we have one Father, [even] God.  Jesus said 
          unto them, If God were your Father, ye would love me: for I 
          proceeded forth and came from God; neither came I of myself, but he 
          sent me.  Why do ye not understand my speech? [even] because ye 
          cannot hear my word.  Ye are of [your] father the devil, and the 
          lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the 
          beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in 
          him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a 
          liar, and the father of it. (John 8:41-44)

          And said, O full of all subtilty and all mischief, [thou] child of 
          the devil, [thou] enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease 
          to pervert the right ways of the Lord? (Acts 13:10)

          Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this 
          world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit 
          that now worketh in the children of disobedience: (Ephesians 2:2)

          In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the 
          devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he 
          that loveth not his brother. (1 John 3:10)

     One becomes a child of God...

          But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the
          sons of God, [even] to them that believe on his name: (John 1:12)

          Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that
          we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knoweth us
          not, because it knew him not.  Beloved, now are we the sons of God,
          and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when
          he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he
          is. (1 John 3:1-2)

     ...when he is born again through faith in Jesus Christ:

          Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of
          the will of man, but of God. (John 1:13)

          Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus
          Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,
          (Ephesians 1:5)

          Of his own will begat he us with the word of truth, that we should
          be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures. (James 1:18)

          For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of
          God. For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear;
          but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba,
          Father. The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we
          are the children of God: (Romans 8:14-16)

          Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one
          that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God. (1 John 4:7)

          Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and
          every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is
          begotten of him. (1 John 5:1)

          For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.
          (Galatians 3:26)

ra> >     We are told that, "And this is life eternal, that they might know
ra> >     thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."
ra> >     (John 17:3). Life eternal is to know the only true God. Yet the
ra> >     doctrines of the LDS that I have mentioned portray a vastly
ra> >     different Jesus, a Jesus that cannot be reconciled with the Jesus of
ra> >     the Bible. They are so far removed from each other that to proclaim
ra> >     one as being true denies the other from being true. According to the
ra> >     Bible, eternal life is dependent on knowing the only true God, and
ra> >     not the construct of imagination.
ra>
ra>
ra>    Robert, with all due respect, who died and left you Chief Arbiter of
ra> Correct Biblical Interpretation?  I don't mean to be snotty about this,
ra> but the fact is that the Bible is so differently interpreted by different
ra> groups of Biblical scholars (what do you think of the Jehovah's
ra> Witnesses, for example?) that to make reference to the "Jesus of the
ra> Bible" is simply ridiculous.  Whose "Jesus of the Bible" do you mean?

     This is really a red herring. It doesn't address any issue raised, but 
     rather, it seeks to obfuscate. The fact that some groups try to read 
     something into the Bible, doesn't change what the Bible teaches. For 
     example, the fact that the Jehovah's Witnesses deny the Deity of Christ 
     does not alter what the Bible teaches [ "Looking for that blessed hope,
     and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus
     Christ;" (Titus 2:13),"Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus
     Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through
     the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ:" (2 Peter 1:1)] 
     on the Deity of Christ.

     We first look to the Bible to see what it teaches. To discount, or not 
     even address, what the Bible teaches because there are some groups that 
     have differing views is self-defeating. To see what the Bible teaches, 
     you have to look at the Bible.

ra> >     "Our Lord's mortality was essential to his own salvation" (_The
ra> >     Promised Messiah_, p. 456), "He had to work out his own salvation by
ra> >     doing the will of the Father in all things" (ibid., p.54), "he had
ra> >     to be baptized to gain admission to the celestial kingdom" (_Mormon
ra> >     Doctrine_, p.71).
ra>
ra>    Welcome to the wonderful world of Mormon paradoctrine, Robert.  The
ra> above books are by the late Bruce R. McConkie, a former general authority
ra> of the LDS Church.  Those books were not published by the Church, nor do
ra> they constitute "offical doctrine."  They consist of his opinions.  Now,
ra> does that mean that what he says is not true?  Not at all; I'll have to
ra> think about the idea of Christ's personal salvation before I come to any
ra> conclusions myself.  The conclusions I come to may seem "heretical" to
ra> you, but I'm prepared to accept that.

     I find this rather curious. When I mentioned that the Mormon belief is
     that Jesus needed to be saved, I put forward some quotes from the late
     apostle, Bruce McConkie. The curious part is that no one addressed the
     issue of `Jesus needing to be saved.' Rick comes the closest with his "I
     have my own conclusions" to addressing the point.

     Most of the other replies have instead hop-scotched to the issue of
     Bruce McConkie and whether his views were 'official doctrine.' I don't
     think that it matters if McConkie's views were canon. That is not the
     issue.  Were McConkie's writings indicative of Mormon belief on this
     subject is the real issue. The indication from Rick is that they may 
     certainly be.

According to what I have read on Biblical idioms, speaking "in X's
name" is a standard Aramaic/Hebrew legal idiom for what we today
would call Power of Attorney.  A person from Jesus' culture authorized
to conduct business "in John's name" had full authority over John's
financial affairs, but was held under a solemn fiduciary obligation to
work only for John's benefit and consonant with John's wishes.  It was
not required for the steward to preface each business transaction with
"in John's name"; it was sufficient to have valid power of attorney
and be operating in good faith. (Note the overlap here between legal
and religious definitions of "faith".)

With this cultural background, praying "in Jesus' name" does not
mandate a particular verbal formula; rather it requires that the
petitioner be operating faithfully and consciously within an analogous
"fiduciary" relationship with Jesus and for the purposes of His
Kingdom.  The message of "praying in Jesus' name" is thus closely
aligned with the parable of the talents and other passages about God's
delegation of Kingdom business to his stewards, both resources and
responsibilities.  This idea of praying "in Jesus' name" is not only
present but prominent in the Lord's Prayer, although the verbal
forumula is absent.

The act of praying the words "In Jesus' Name" may be beneficial if
they cause us to clarify the relationship of our requests to the
advancement of God's Kingdom.  For that reason, I'm not quite ready
to say that the praying the formula is without meaning.

Prayers to God for other purposes (desperation, anger, thanksgiving,
etc.) don't seem to be in this category at all, whether uttered by
Christian or non-Christian, whether B.C. or A.D. (that's B.C.E. or
C.E. for you P.C. :-).  I don't see anything in Christ's words to
contradict the idea that God deals with all prayers according to His
omniscience and grace.

Van Kelly
vek@research.att.com




   Try graPHIGS from IBM... It is an excellent package! :^)

Doug
 
I am looking for Super 8mm Projector with SOUNDS.
If anybody out there has one for sale, send email with
the name of brand, condition of the projector, and price
for sale to kimd@rpi.edu
(IT MUST HAVE SOUND CAPABILITY)

Unfortunatly, this seems to be how Christians are taught to think when
it comes to their religion. Some take it to the extreme and say that
their religion is the ONLY one and if you don't accept their teachings
then you won't be "saved". It takes quite a bit of arrogance to claim
to know what God thinks/wants. Especially when it's based upon your
interpretation of a book. The logic in the above statement is faulty
in that it assumes two people with differing beliefs can't both be
correct. It's all about perception. No two people are exactly alike.
No two people perceive everything in the same way. I believe that
there is one truth. Call it God's truth, a universal truth, or call it
what you will. I don't believe God presents this truth. I think it is
just there and it's up to you to look for and see it, through prayer,
meditation, inspir- ation, dreams or whatever. Just because people may
perceive this truth differently, it doesn't mean one is wrong and the
other is right. As an example, take the question, "Is the glass half
empty or half full"? You can have two different answers which are
contradictory and yet both are correct. So, for your belief to be
true, does not require everyone else's belief to be wrong.


Speaking as one who knows relativity and quantum mechanics, I say: 
Bullshit.


Speaking as one who has taken LSD, I say: 
Bullshit.



How could striving toward an ideal be in any way useful, if the ideal 
had no objective existence?
--
Mark Pundurs
Another guess to your salvation riddle would be "saved".


Much of the OT prophecies have a double application: to the Jewish
captivity, and to the end of time.  But if Rev. is dated at AD96 its
prophecies could not apply to the AD70 destructioin of Jerusalem.
Well, the temp file thing creates an obvious problem: it is impossible to use
cview for viewing CD-ROM based picture collections. And it is the ONLY non-
windows viewer that works properly with my Cirrus-based 24 bit VGA.



I would recommend "Essential Truthes of the Christian Faith" by RC Sproul.
It is copywrited 1992 from Tyndale House Publishers. Sproul offers concise 
explanations, in simple language, of around 100 different Christian 
doctrines, grouped by subject. I think it would be particularly good for
newer Christians (and older Christians suffering spiritual malnutrition),
as it gives a Biblically sound basic treatment of the issues, avoiding 
long in-depth analysis that can wait until after you know the basics. 



I think you would lose your money. Julius was actually rather tall
for a Roman. He did go on record as favouring small soldiers though.
Thought they were tougher and had more guts. He was probably right
if you think about it. As for Napoleon remember that the French
avergae was just about 5 feet and that height is relative! Did he
really have a complex?

ObSpace :  We have all seen the burning candle from High School that goes
out and relights. If there is a large hot body placed in space but in an
atmosphere, exactly how does it heat the surroundings? Diffusion only?

Joseph Askew

I have been looking for a book that specifically addresses
the mystery of God in the paradox.  I have read some that touch
on the subject in a chapter but would like a more detailed read.

Is anyone aware of any books that deal with this subject.

Please e-mail me.  Thanks.
I was curious to check out how many San Jose Mercury News mentioned
Tyre (1990-92). Here's the outcome from the research (condenced versions,
copyright San Jose Mercury news):

---
  Bombings in the two largest cities in southern Lebanon killed 11 people
and 
wounded 80 others. A car bomb blew up in Tyre, killing 10 people and
wounding 
75. A man was killed and five others seriously wounded in an explosion in 
Nabatiye.
---
  An Israeli navy patrol boat attacked and sank a rubber guerrilla boat off

southern Lebanon early today, killing the two men aboard, the army command 
said.
  
     It said in a communique that a Dvora patrol boat opened fire on the 
motorized rubber dinghy north of Tyre after identifying it as hostile. The
army 
said no one on the Israeli boat was injured. The affiliation of the slain 
guerrillas was not immediately known.
---
  Rival factions of the guerrilla group led by terrorist mastermind Abu
Nidal 
battled Sunday in Tyre, Lebanon, with machine guns and rocket-propelled 
grenades, killing at least four people and wounding 15, police said.
---
 Lebanon's mainstream Shiite Muslim militia said Thursday that it had 
uncovered a network of tunnels in a southern Lebanese village where it said
pro-
Iranian kidnappers had held Western hostages.
  
     Officials of the militia, Amal, led local journalists through the
catacomb-
like alleys and showed them two cells with iron doors at the village, 
Kawthariyet al Siyad, near Tyre, the ancient port city, about 40 miles
south of 
Beirut.
  
     The officials said they were certain that U.S. Marine Lt. Col. William
R. 
Higgins was detained there shortly after he was seized by gunmen on a road 
outside Tyre in February 1988.
--------------
...anyway, I counted 20 articles during these 3 years of reporting. I also
found out the possible reason why the numbers for the inhabitants of the
city is defined between 14000 and 24000. It seems that Tyre is one of the
places
where people from Libanon flee to during more extensive bombings, so
there's
a constant flow of refugees entering and leaving Tyre (articles mentioned
thousands of people entering and leaving this place).

I counted 0 articles for my home town, Kristinestad, so from now I will
consider this place to be a fishing village :-).

Cheers,
Kent


In fact, you probably want to avoid US Government anything for such a
project.  The pricetag is invariably too high, either in money or in
hassles.

The important thing to realize here is that the big cost of getting to
the Moon is getting into low Earth orbit.  Everything else is practically
down in the noise.  The only part of getting to the Moon that poses any
new problems, beyond what you face in low orbit, is the last 10km --
the actual landing -- and that is not immensely difficult.  Of course,
you *can* spend sagadollars (saga- is the metric prefix for beelyuns
and beelyuns) on things other than the launches, but you don't have to.

The major component of any realistic plan to go to the Moon cheaply (for
more than a brief visit, at least) is low-cost transport to Earth orbit.
For what it costs to launch one Shuttle or two Titan IVs, you can develop
a new launch system that will be considerably cheaper.  (Delta Clipper
might be a bit more expensive than this, perhaps, but there are less
ambitious ways of bringing costs down quite a bit.)  Any plan for doing
sustained lunar exploration using existing launch systems is wasting
money in a big way.

Given this, questions like whose launch facilities you use are *not* a
minor detail; they are very important to the cost of the launches, which
dominates the cost of the project.
Tony   

I appreciate the narrow-mindedness of the view expressed in
the text you quoted.  I also appreciate your being amused
by such determined ignorance.  Without taking anything away
from your mirth, I want to say that these views sadden me.
I can only hope that that sort of narrow-mindedness will
die with the generations that have promoted it.  Teach 
your children well.

<wet blanket mode off>

Pax.

John


Forwarded from Doug Griffith, Magellan Project Manager

                     MAGELLAN STATUS REPORT
                         April 23, 1993

1.  The Magellan spacecraft continues to operate normally, gathering
gravity data to plot the density variations of Venus in the
mid-latitudes.  The solar panel offpoint was returned to zero degrees
and spacecraft temperatures dropped 2-3 degrees C.

2.  An end-to-end test of the Delayed Aerobraking Data readout
process was conducted this week in preparation for the Transition
Experiment.  There was some difficulty locking up to the data frames,
and engineers are presently checking whether the problem was in
equipment at the tracking station.

3.  Magellan has completed 7277 orbits of Venus and is now 32 days
from the end of Cycle 4 and the start of the Transition Experiment.

4.  Magellan scientists were participating in the Brown-Vernadsky
Microsymposium at Brown University in Providence, RI, this week.  This
joint meeting of U.S. and Russian Venus researchers has been
continuing for many years.


Dennis, I have worked on or written proposals worth tens of millions
of $$. Customers included government (including NASA), for profit and
non-profit companies. All expected a wrap (usually called a fee). Much
of the work involved allocating and costing the work of subcontractors.
The subcontractors where universities, for-profits, non-profits, and
even some of the NASA Centers for the Commercialization of Space. ALL
charged fees as part of the work. Down the street is one of the NASA
commercialization centers; they charge a fee.

Now, I'm sure your a competent engineer Dennis, but you clearly lack
experience in several areas. Your posts show that you don't understand
the importance of integration in large projects. You also show a lack
of understanding of costing efforts as shown by your belief that it
is reasonable to charge incremental costs for everything. This isn't
a flame, jsut a statement.

Your employer DOES charge a fee. You may not see it but you do.



Well there you are Dennis. As I said, they simply include the fee in
their overhead. Many seoparate the fee since the fee structure can
change depending on the customer.


Integration, Dennis, isn't overhead.


Dennis, Reston has been the only NASA agency working to reduce costs. When
WP 02 was hemoraging out a billion $$, the centers you love so much where
doing their best to cover it up and ignore the problem. Reston was the
only place you would find people actually interested in solving the
problems and building a station.


When you have a bit more experience Dennis, you will realize that
integration isn't overhead. It is the single most important part
of a successful large scale effort.


The story you refer to said that some NASA people blamed it on
Congress. Suprise suprise. The fact remains that it is the centers
you support so much who covered up the overheads and wouldn't address
the problems until the press published the story.

Are you saying the Reston managers where wrong to get NASA to address
the overruns? You approve of what the centers did to cover up the overruns?


You should know Dennis that NASA doesn't include transport costs for
resuply. That comes from the Shuttle budget. What they where saying
is that operational costs could be cut in half plus transport.


I do hope you can find the time to tell us just why it was wrong of
Reston to ask that the problems with WP 02 be addressed.

  Allen


Basically, there are two algorithms determining whether a point is inside,
outside or on the polygon. The first one is Ray (or half line) method. In
this method, you can draw any ray, if the number of the intersection point
of the ray and the polygon is even, then it is outside. If the number is odd,
then it is inside. Of cause, you have to deal with the special cases which
may make you headache.

The second method is PI algorithm. Draw the lines between the point and
all the vertices on the polygon. Calculate and sum the angles of the
successive lines. If the result is 2*PI, then it is inside. If PI, then
it is on the polygon. Otherwise it is outside.

My experience tells the second method is relible.

Hope this helps.
A shareware graphics program called Pman has a filter that makes a picture
look like a hand drawing.  This picture could probably be converted into
vector format much easier because it is all lines. (With Corel Trace, etc..)


Will someone tell an ignorant physicist where the term "Level 5" comes
from? It sounds like the RISKS Digest  equivalent of Large, Extra
Large, Jumbo... Or maybe it's like "Defcon 5..."

I gather it means that Shuttle software was developed with extreme
care to have reliablility and safety, and almost everything else in
the computing world is Level 1, or cheesy dime-store software.  Not
surprising.  But who is it that invents this standard, and how come
everyone but me seems to be familiar with it?

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

As a muslim (spelled sometimes as Moslem) I must say that Muslims strong
ly believe in Jesus.  Refered in islamic text as eesau(as)

         Jesus ==>  J - esu  - s    ===> esu (pronounced eee-saw)

Yah we knew him well.  Ideally, this war should not even be.  And even in
a time of war, our goal is peace.  We should try to refrain from viloating
the peace of others as then if we do violate, we will not have peace in
ourselves.  I don't like this war eaither,  It is a conflict of territory.
Croats, Muslims, and Serbs lived together before in peace.  The rallying
point is 'race'.  And Im sure that there is a General out there who wouldn't
mind being a president.

--
Mohammad R. Khan                /    khan0095@nova.gmi.edu
After July '93, please send mail to  mkhan@nyx.cs.du.edu
Just a few cheap shots a Christianity:

Riddle: What is the shortest street in Jerusalem?
Answer: The Street of the Righteous Poles.

Limrick:

There was an archeologist Thostle
Who found an amazing fossil
By the way it was bent
And the knot it the end
'twas the penis of Paul the Apostle.

Jingle:
Christianity hits the spot
Twelve Apostles thats a lot
Jesus Christ and a Virgin too
Christianity's the faith for you
(with apologies to Pepsi Cola and its famous jingle)

Riddle:
How many Christians does it take to save a light bulb.
Answer: None, only Jesus can save.

Aphorism:
Jesus Saves
Moses Invests

Proof that Jesus was Jewish:
1. He lived at home till he was 33
2. He went into his fathers business
3. He thought he mother was a virgin
4. His mother thought he was God.

QED.

So long you all

Bob Kolker
"I would rather spend eternity in Hell with interesting people 
than eternity in Heaven with Christians"



Here again, the problem with most of the individuals posting here, you take the
biblical account as though it were some sort of historical recounting in the
modern sense.  I would refer you to John Dominic Crossans Book _The Cross That
Spoke_ (Pub. Harper and Row, 1988).  The earliest texts which we have make no
reference to an empty tomb.  Nor is an empty tomb necessary for a claim of
resurrection. Modern Evangelicals/Fundamentalists have completely missed what
the point of resurrection is -- Here the work of George Nickelsburg's work 
_Resurrection, Immortality, and Eternal Life in Intertestamental Judaism_ (Publ
Cambridge, Havard Univ. Press, 1972) is most helpful.  Look At Rom 1:1-3.  Paul
here has no need of an empty tomb.  Additionally in 1 Cor 15, Here again there
is no mention of an empty tomb. He was raised (note the passive), he appeared,
no ascension either.

Resurrection could be accomplished without ever disturbing the bones in the
grave.  The whole idea of an empty tomb isn't broached in any of our texts
until well after the fall of Jerusalem.  By that time, the idea of coming up
with a body would have been ludicrious.  Moreover Mack has argued (convicingly,
I think) that the empty tomb story first appears in Mark (we have no texts
before this which mention the tomb). 
    


You are quite right here.  Even the Idea of a subjective mystical event as the
foundation of the resurrection narratives is currently becoming more untenable.
See B. Mack _A Myth of Innocence_.

was condemned. So the Coptic Orthodox Church does not >believe in
Monophysitism.

Sorry!

What does the Coptic Church believe about the will and energy of Christ?
 Were there one or were there two (i.e. Human and Divine) wills and
energies in Him.

Also, what is the objection ot the Copts with the Pope of Rome (i.e. why
is there a Coptic Catholic Church)?  Do you reject the supreme
jurisdiction of the 263rd sucessor of St. Peter (who blessed St. John
Mark, Bishop of Alexandria was translator for) and his predecessors?  Or
his infallibility?  Or what other things perhaps?
From article <Apr.15.00.58.22.1993.28891@athos.rutgers.edu>, by ruthless@panix.com (Ruth Ditucci):

I do hope that you are not suggesting that merely because a person
replies in an "acrid, angry and sarcastic" manner that this
demonstrates their 'non-christianity'?  The simple fact is that there
is not a Christian on the face of the planet (that I know of!) that is
perfect.  I have been known at times to have a fit of temper, or a
sulk, but this does not make me any the less a Christian.

One of the points of being a Christian (as I perceive it) is to become
MORE LIKE Christ.  This statement inherently suggests that we ARE NOT
already like Christ.  Jesus never unrighteously lost his temper.  I
do.  Jesus was perfect.  I'm not.


You must understand that this is because Christians often forget to
treat others as our role-model - Christ - would.  This is because we are
human and falible.  I, for one, do not pretend to be infalible, and I
hope that my fellow-men will bear with me when I make mistakes.  This
surely is not too much to ask, when I make every effort to bear with
_them_.



And don't we know it!


Again I say, we are ALL human!

To my brethren, this:  

Ms Duticci has a valid point and we as Christians ought to heed the
warning in her article.  We oftimes discredit ourselves and our
Saviour, in the way that we treat others.  Strive towards the goal set
us by our Lord, but in the meantime, remember :

     "There is no condemnation for those who are in Christ..."

When you blow it - go easy on yourself.  Forgive yourself, as your
Father in heaven forgives you!  And remember - and this is something I
firmly beieve and cling to - one day, we shall see Him face to face,
and in that day, we shall (finally!) be perfected.  

I look forward to seeing you there.


     RRRRR        OO       BBBBB          :
     R    R     OO  OO     B    B         :
     R     R   OO    OO    B    BB        :          Robert Pomeroy
     R   RR    O      O    B    B         :
     RRRR      O      O    BBBBB          :    u2i02@teach.cs.keele.ac.uk
     R  R      O      O    B    B         :
     R   R     OO    OO    B    BB        :              1993
     R    R     OO  OO     B    B         :
     R     R      OO       BBBBB          :


PS  If you want to draw anything to my attention, then please mail me
direct, because I don't often read the news...
Is the ".3ds" file format for Autodesk's 3D Animation Studio available?

Thanks,
Gary

	It depends on what kind of the polygons. 
	Convex - simple, concave - trouble, concave with loop(s)
	inside - big trouble.

	Of cause, you can use the box test to avoid checking
	each edges. According to my experience, there is not
	a simple way to go. The headache stuff is to deal with
	the special cases, for example, the overlapped lines.
[Most info regarding dangers of reading from Floppy disks omitted]

In all fairness, how many people do you know personally who read images
from Floppy drives?  I haven't tried it with JPEGs, but I do realize how
agonizingly slow it is with GIF files.  






IF it were'nt for the sin of men, none of this killing would have been 
necesarry, He is KIND and LOVING, but also RIGHTEOUS, 
SIN MUST BE PUNISHED.

Before Jesus, man had to take the sins on himself.
But Jesus died and took it all upon Him, so now we also have a FORGIVING GOD.
Forwarded from Doug Griffith, Magellan Project Manager

                        MAGELLAN STATUS REPORT
                            April 16, 1993

1.  The Magellan mission at Venus continues normally, gathering gravity
data which provides measurement of density variations in the upper
mantle which can be correlated to surface topography.  Spacecraft
performance is nominal.

2.  Magellan has completed 7225 orbits of Venus and is now 39 days from
the end of Cycle-4 and the start of the Transition Experiment.

3.  No significant activities are expected next week, as preparations
for aerobraking continue on schedule.


(Pleading mode on)

Please!  I'm begging you!  Quit confusing religious groups, and stop
making generalizations!  I'm a Protestant!  I'm an evangelical!  I don't
believe that my way is the only way!  I'm not a "creation scientist"!  I
don't think that homosexuals should be hung by their toenails!  

If you want to discuss bible thumpers, you would be better off singling
out (and making obtuse generalizations about) Fundamentalists.  If you
compared the actions of Presbyterians or Methodists with those of Southern 
Baptists, you would think that they were different religions!

Please, prejudice is about thinking that all people of a group are the
same, so please don't write off all Protestants or all evangelicals!

(Pleading mode off.)

God.......I wish I could get ahold of all the Thomas Stories......


   >	I realize I'm entering this discussion rather late, but I do
   >have one question. Wasn't it a Reagan appointee, James Watt, a
   >pentacostal christian (I think) who was the secretary of the interior
   >who saw no problem with deforestation since we were "living in the
   >last days" and ours would be the last generation to see the redwoods
   >anyway?

   I heard the same thing, but without confirmation that he actually said it.
   It was just as alarming to us as to you; the Bible says that nobody knows
   when the second coming will take place.
Okay all my friends are bitching at me that the map I made in Appsoft Draw
can't be displayed in "xv"... I checked... It's true, at least with version
1.0.  My readers on the NeXT have very little trouble on it (Preview messes
up the .eps, but does fine with the TIFF and ImageViewer0.9a behaves with
flying colors except it doesn't convert worth *&^^% ;-) )

  Please is there any way I can convert this .drw from Appsoft 1.0 on the NeXT
to something more reasonable like .gif?  I have access to a sun4 and NeXTstep
3.0 systems.  any good reliable conversion programs would be helpful... please
email, I'll post responses if anyone wants me to... please email that to.

Yes I used alphachannel... (god i could choke steve jobs right now ;-) )

Yes i know how to archie, but tell me what to archie for ;-)

Also is there a way to convert to .ps plain format? ImageViiewer0.9 turns
out nothing recognizable....

     terrychay

---
small editorial

-rw-r--r--  1 tychay   2908404 Apr 18 08:03 Undernet.tiff
-rw-r--r--  1 tychay     73525 Apr 18 08:03 Undernet.tiff.Z

It's supposedly a high-performance chip based upon workstation graphics
accelerators.  It's quite fast (I have 7), but as usual with new boards/chips
the drivers are buggy for Windows.  As far as Winmarks go, it depends upon
the version.  I think I got 42M winmarks with version 3.11.  2.5 yielded the
50+ number.  I've also benchmarked this with Wintach at over 65 (from memory
as well).

As far as the low-level stuff goes, it looks pretty nice.  It's got this
quadrilateral fill command that requires just the four points.

It's very fast, but beware of buggy drivers, and otherwise no non-windows
support.


some deleted


Dear Will,

I've never replied on this thing before so I hope it gets thru ok.
I had a few thoughts!:

"Faith on its own, if not accompanied by action is dead" - James 2:17

Faith is both belief and action.
If I say that I am a great swimmer but I never go swimming, am I really a
swimmer? and will people believe that I am?
Likewise if I say I'm a Christian but I never talk to God, am I really a
Christian? My faith is demonstrated by my action. The fact that we talk to
God proves we have faith. Satan believes in God but does not follow Him!

In a similar vein, I have recently been challenged by 1John2:3-6
v3 says "We know that we have come to know Him if we obey His commands"
I find this verse quite encouraging as it could imply that 'if we have
come to know Him, then we'll obey His commands' cos He lives within us and
we cannot help but obey what He says.
I tend to feel that as we daily submit ourself to God He will keep changing
us into the likeness of Jesus and His fruit and works will be automatically
produced in our lives.

Hope this helps.

Ah and how...??? Amen to that one!!!!!!  Thanks Chuck for sharing...
after all, no one can serve two masters...God and money......
after all, the preciousness of God as Lord and Savior is far more valuable than
being a millionaire will ever be...

Hi,

I am new to this newsgroup, and also fairly new to christianity. I was
raised as a Unitarian and have spent the better part of my life as an
agnostic, but recently I have developed the firm conviction that the
Christian message is correct and I have accepted Jesus into my life. I am
happy, but I realize I am very ignorant about much of the Bible and
quite possibly about what Christians should hold as true. This I am trying
to rectify (by reading the Bible of course), but it would be helpful
to also read a good interpretation/commentary on the Bible or other
relevant aspects of the Christian faith. One of my questions I would
like to ask is - Can anyone recommend a good reading list of theological
works intended for a lay person?

I have another question I would like to ask. I am not yet affiliated
with any one congregation. Aside from matters of taste, what criteria
should one use in choosing a church? I don't really know the difference
between the various Protestant denominations.

Thanks for reading my post. 

Sincerely,

Steve Hoskins
Actually, the "ether" stuff sounded a fair bit like a bizzare,
qualitative corruption of general relativity.  nothing to do with
the old-fashioned, ether, though.  maybe somebody could loan him
a GR text at a low level.

didn't get much further than that, tho.... whew.







I would really appreciate if when someone brought something like
this up they didn't back out when someone asked for details.


The next time you go to church, you can check the better creed, that is,
have learned that on the first go around.  But what's a body without 
a little bit a'soul? 


At the risk of offending everybody, I will interject the 13th century
point of view.  Christ descended immediately into the bosom of Abraham
to set captives captive.  He preached to the saved for three days before
drawing them with Him back to this earth.  I'm no expert on this part,
but Matthew (27:52-53) says about the death of Jesus: "tombs were opened,
and the bodies of many saints who had fallen asleep were raised.  And
coming forth from the tombs after his resurrection, they entered the
holy city and appeared to many."  (NAB)  Regarding the hell of the
damned, of which you speak, Christ did not see it (Ps 16:10, Acts 2:27),
although it saw Him (cf. Is 45:2).  

Concerning the abodes of the dead, I don't want to subject my brethren
to further anguish, so I will direct you to contact me through e-mail
if you are genuinely concerned. 


Your new body might be something like Adam's before his fateful encounter
with the Just One (Acts 7:52, CR trans. Vulgate): filled with infused
knowledge, absent of concupiscence, and immortal.  It would probably be
a little glorified, too.


I wouldn't recommend it.  It's really hot down at the center of the earth!
You know, the normal geothermal gradient, and all that.
  
Regards.

-- 
boundary, the catechist 
Sounds similar to something Wally Schirra said.

Whether there is a "why" or not we have to find it. This is Pascal's(?) wager.
If there is no why and we spend our lives searching, then we have merely
wasted our lives, which were meaningless anyway. If there is a why and we
don't search for it, then we have wasted our potentially meaningful lives.
Suppose the universe is 5 billion years old, and suppose it lasts another
5 billion years. Suppose I live to be 100. That is nothing, that is so small
that it is scary. So by searching for the "why" along with my friends here
on earth if nothing else we aren't so scared.

What if you woke up at a party, with no memory, and everyone was discussing
who the host might be? There might not be a host, you say. I say let's go
find him, the party's going to be over sometime, maybe he'll let us stay.

Because we recognize our own mortality we have to find the "why".


This is a good point. But more of a good point for studying religion
than ignoring it. Some Christians disagree with me, but it is worthwhile
to study different religions and philosophies and glean the truth from
them. To quote (of course out of context) "Test everything and keep what is
true."

[it has to do with honoring the laws of the state, and]

I would go further: if a couple are unwilling to have their commitment
publicly witnessed and recorded, that's prima facie evidence that the
commitment isn't really there.



I am a newbie to the net, and I am trying to get some information for a paper
I am working on to get back into college.  If anyone can send me data on
Solar coronal holes and recurrant aurora  for the past thirty years it would be
a big help.  Or, if you have information on more esoteric things like Telluric
current, surge bafflers power companies use, or other effects sporatic aurora
have on the Earth's magnetic field, I'd be eternally gratefull.  Please send 
anything interesting to me at
        Marty Crandall-Grela
        Van Vleck Observatory
        Wesleyan University
        Middletown,Ct 06487
 or e-mail it to me at mcrandall@eagle.wesleyan.edu
 Thank-you in advance,      Marty



Yes, I do agree with your definition.  My use of the term "always" is
rather deceptive, I admit.  
 

Hold it.  I said that all of scripture is true.  However, discerning
exactly what Jesus, Paul and company were trying to say is not always so
easy.  I don't believe that Paul was trying to say that all women should
behave that way.  Rather, he was trying to say that under the circumstances
at the time, the women he was speaking to would best avoid volubility and
cover their heads.  This has to do with maintaining a proper witness toward
others.  Remember that any number of relativistic statements can be derived
from absolutes.  For instance, it is absolutely right for Christians to
strive for peace.  However, this does not rule out trying to maintain world
peace by resorting to violence on occasion.  (Yes, my opinion.)
 

Sure.  The Bible preaches absolute truths.  However, exactly what those
truths are is sometimes a matter of confusion.  As I said, the Bible does
preach absolute truths.  Sometimes those fundamental principles are crystal
clear (at least to evangelicals).  Sometimes they are not so clear to
everyone (e.g. should baptism be by full immersion or not, etc).  That is
largely because sometimes, it is not explicitly spelled out whether the writers
are speaking to a particular culture or to Christianity as a whole.  This is 
where scholarship and the study of Biblical contexts comes in.  
 

God revealed his Truths to the world, through His Word.  It is utterly 
unavoidable, however, that some people whill come up with alternate 
interpretations.  Practically anything can be misinterpreted, especially
when it comes to matters of right and wrong.  Care to deny that?



I missed the presentations given in the morning session (when Shea gave
his "rambling and almost inaudible" presentation), but I did attend
the afternoon session. The meeting was in a small conference room. The
speaker was wired with a mike, and there were microphones on the table for
the panel members to use. Peons (like me) sat in a foyer outside the
conference room, and watched the presentations on closed circuit TV. In
general, the sound system was fair to poor, and some of the other
speakers (like the committee member from the Italian Space Agency)
also were "almost inaudible."

Shea didn't "lead the formal presentation," in the sense of running
or guiding the presentation. He didn't even attend the afternoon
session. Vest ran the show (President of MIT, the chair of the
advisory panel).

I have a few minor problems with the article posted as proof of 
Christ's resurrection.  

First the scriptural quotations:

This sort of reasoning is such that if you beleive you are justified,
if not then your beleif is in vain, so you might as well beleive.  Most
of these quotations are of people who do beleive.  People who would
try to justify their own positions.

Second the logical proof:


 The period of time that has elapsed from the event growing larger
does not increase the odds that a hoax would be discovered.  In fact
the longer a hoax is perpetuated the stronger it becomes.

Finally:

There is no proof of the resurrection of Christ, except in our spirits
communion with his, and the Father's.  It is a matter of FAITH, belief
without logical proof.  Incedently one of the largest stumbling blocks for
rational western man, myself included.


Terms are being used in a loaded way here.

"Logical proof" is an extremely messy thing to apply to real
life. If you think otherwise, try to construct a proof that
yesterday happened. Obviously it did; anyone old enough to be
reading this was there for it and remembers that it happened.
But *proof*? A proof starts with axioms and goes somewhere.
You need axioms to talk about logical proof. You can say that
you remember yesterday, and that you take as axiom that anything
you clearly remember happened. I could counterclaim that you
hallucinated the whole thing.

To talk about proofs of historical events, you have to relax the
terms a bit. You can show evidences, not proofs. Evidences of the
resurrected Jesus exist. Proofs do not.
Does anybody know what Delaunay Triangulation is?
Is there any reference to it? 
Is it useful for creating 3-D objects? If yes, what's the advantage?

Thanks in advance.


 Can You report CRT and other register state in this mode ?
 Thank's.
And one of my profs is the chief engineer for the project (Dr. Ron
Humble, Univ. Colorado at Colorado Springs).

I love the idea of an inflatable 1-mile long sign.... It will be a
really neat thing to see it explode when a bolt  (or even better, a
Westford Needle!) comes crashing into it at 10 clicks a sec.  

<BOOM!>  Whooooooooshhhhhh......  <sputter, sputter>

<okay, PRETEND it would make a sound!>

I hear <insert favorite rumor here> that it will supposedly coincide
with the Atlanta Olympics. 

I usually use "Algorithms for graphics and image processing" by
Theodosios Pavlidis, but other people here got them same idea and now
3 of 4 copies in the libraries have been stolen!

Another reference is "Digital Image Processing" by Gonzalez and
Wintz/Wood, which is widely available but a little expensive ($55
here- I just checked today).
Does anyone have a radon transform in C that they could 
send me?

				Any help accepted,



Let me carry that a step further.  Most doctors would not claim to be 
infallible.  Indeed, they would generally admit that they could conceivably
be wrong, e.g. that in this case, a blood tranfusion might not turn out to 
be necessary after all.  However, the doctors would have enough confidence
and conviction to claim, out of genuine concern, that is IS necessary.  As
fallible human beings, they must acknowledge the possibility that they are
wrong.  However, they would also say that such doubts are not reasonable,
and stand by their convictions.


No the members of the first group are not necessarily
arrogant.  But when I ask them if they are absolutely certain
that the volcano will erupt, I expect them to say so "No,
but I've chosen to believe some knowledgable people who have
determined that the volcano will erupt," rather than, "Yes, I am
absolutely certain."  When it comes to religious discussions,
arrogance or at best naivete is reflected in the latter type of
statement.



Does anyone know the phone number to a place where i can get
a VGA passthrough?

	I want to hook up my VGA card to my XGA card (whcih you can can).
All I need is the cable that connects them.  It is the same type of
cable that you would connect from your VGA card to say a Video Blaster
or something.
What in blazes is going on with Wayne Matson and gang
down in Alabama?  I also heard an unconfirmed rumor that
Aerospace Ambassadors have disappeared.  Can anyone else
confirm??


  I have found that this isn't a very effective argument.  Most atheists are
perfectly willing to acknowledge the existence and ministry of Jesus--but are
quite capable of rationalizing the miracles and the resurrection into 
misunderstandings, hoaxes, or simple fabrications.  They can always make an
analogy with the _Iliad_, a book that tells the story of the historical Trojan
War, but also talks about gods and goddesses and their conversations.
  I don't think it's possible to convince atheists of the validity of 
Christianity through argument.  We have to help foster faith and an
understanding of God.  I could be wrong--are there any former atheists here who
were led to Christianity by argument?
Responding to the moderator:


Yes, I agree.  What I'm trying to point out is that, in matters of faith
(i.e. tenets which are not logically persuasive), one may be convinced
of the truth of certain things through, for instance, personal
revelation.  And its certainly fine to share that revelation or those
beliefs with others.  And I don't think that its arrogant, persay, to
accepts matters of pure faith as truth for oneself.  Where I think the
conflict arises is in assuming that, where disagreements on beliefs
arise, all others *must* have been given the same truth, and that God 
must reveal His truth to everyone in such a way that all would 
honestly agree.  I think this can lead to the conclusion that anyone 
who disagrees with you are being sinful or dishonest; that they are 
rejecting something they *know* to be truth because it is inconvenient 
for them, or because they wish to spurn God.

I would say that this is equivalent to assuming that *all* truths one 
holds are universal and absolute.  And the problem I see with this is 
that it negates the individuality of humans and their relationships with
God.  This does not mean there is no absolute truth; just that some areas
of doctrinal disagreement may be areas where God has not established or 
revealed that truth.  

-- 
comments, criticism welcome...
-Ken
alvin@ucsu.colorado.edu


	Typical statement from an irrational and brainwashed person.
The bible was written by some male chavnist thousands of years ago
(as were all of the "holy" books). Follow the parts that you think are
suitable for modern life. Ignore the others. For heaven's (!) sake don't
take it literally.

				^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

	So you think it is easy to be a Muslim? Or be a Buddhist?
The Buddha's commandments are 500 yrs older than Christ's and in
my opinion tougher to follow. Moreover the Buddha says that we are 
intrinsically good (as against Christ's "we are all sinners").
 Only we allow ourselves to be distracted. By meditating we can awaken 
ourselves (etc etc). Also there is no concept of God in Buddhism. 
(In my opinion you can be an Atheist and a Buddhist).
But to "awaken" yourself is no easy task. Can you stay away from eating meat?
Can you sit still and think of nothing (meditate) for sometime everyday?
Buddhists do (or are supposed to). Can you pray five times a day? 
Can you fast for a month every year (Ramzan). Are you willing
to give 1/6 th of your income as tithe? Muslims do. In fact I think 
Jesus was an ordinary man (just as Buddha and Mohamed) probably with a 
philosopy ahead of the times (where he lived). 
Considering the fact that Christianity is a young religion
(compared to Hindiusm, Judaism, Zorasterism, Buddihsm) it is also very
probable that the Bible is merely a collection of borrowed ideas.
(There was a good deal of trade between the eastern lands and the
middle east at the time of Christ).
And perhaps some more. But leave the crap in it out ("woman was created
after man, to be his helper" etc).
aras

	


	When ever I turn on my TV there is this Pat Robertson and
other brain washers (Oh boy, what an act they put on!) with an
1-800 number to turn in your pledges.
God it seems is alive and well inside these boxes.


Be devoted to one another in brotherly love. Honor one another above
yourselves.

[Excellent discussion of DC-X landing techniques by Henry deleted]


The DC-X will not take of horizontally.  It takes of vertically. 


For several reasons.  Vertical landings don't require miles of runway and limit
noise pollution.  They don't require wheels or wings.  Just turn on the engines
and touch down.  Of course, as Henry pointed out, vetical landings aren't quite
that simple.


Well, to be blunt, yes.  But at least you're learning.


The Soyuz vehicles use parachutes for the descent and then fire small rockets
just before they hit the ground.  Parachutes are, however, not especially
practical if you want to reuse something without much effort.  The landings
are also not very comfortable.  However, in the words of Georgy Grechko,
"I prefer to have bruises, not to sink."



Feasability study??  What a wimp!!  While you are studying, others would be
doing.  Too damn many engineers doing way too little engineering.

"He who sits on his arse sits on his fortune"  - Sir Richard Francis Burton


Make that 20%.  Where did I see that poll recently about the
very religious and adultery?  Was it this newsgroup or alt.atheism
or some other place?

Scott,
	I'm not so sure if this is helpful, but I usually use XV v2.21.  I use Sun IPCs and IPXs, and it works fine.  It can display in a good number of ways.(root being one of them)  It's also possible to have XV put up a background automatically at login.  Hope this helps.

Jason Weiler
<weilej@rpi.edu>
I can tell you that when AMSAT launched some birds along a Spot satellite
(French), that during installation of some instruments on Spot 2, there
heavily armed legionaires who had a `take no prisoners' look on there faces.
Spot satellites are completely capable of doing some very good on orbit
surveillance.

BMc
--
Forty-two is six times nine.

Hi

I am looking for Image Analysis software running in DOS or Windows. I'd like 
to be able to analyze TIFF or similar files to generate histograms of 
patterns, etc. 

Any help would be appreciated!

__________________________________________________________________________

just picked out this one point because it struck me....
why do you believe this?  muslims believe in many of the same things
that christians and jews believe; they believe jesus, while not the
messiah, is a prophet.  this seems to me to be much closer to
christianity than other religions are.  (then again i tend to be
somewhat liberal about others' beliefs.)

this also relates to the serbian "ethnic cleansing" question.  i have
been waiting for condemnations of this and have seen very few.  HOW
can we stand by and watch innocent people, even people whose beliefs
we condemn, if this is the case (and don't get me wrong, the things
fundamenalist muslims have to say about women make my blood boil), be
tortured, raped (the stories about that made me physically ill), and
killed?  jesus loves all, not just those who love him back -- and he
would advocate kindness toward them (in the hopes of converting them,
if that's the way you want to put it) rather than killing them.  

i'm sorry i got off the subject here -- maybe i should have used a
different title.  i did need to get this off my chest, however.

peace (shalom),
vera shanti
_______________________________________________________________________________
Hand over hand				noye@midway.uchicago.edu
Doesn't seem so much			(Vera Noyes)
Hand over hand				
Is the strength of the common touch	drop me a line if you're in the mood
	- Rush, "Hand Over Fist"
_______________________________________________________________________________

[I am also worried about this issue.  I've made a posting under my own
name earlier today.  I do not much want to discuss Moslem beliefs
here.  This isn't the right group for it.  Their beliefs about Jesus
appear to come as much from the Koran as the Bible.  This means that
while they honor him, what they think he did and stood for differs in
many ways from Christian beliefs about him.  But Moslem beliefs are
an appropriate topic for soc.religion.islam.

As I'm sure you know, many Christians believe that you must accept
Christ in order to be saved.  While Stanley's comment appears to be
anti-Moslem, I would assume he would say the same thing about all
religions other than Christianity.

I suppose these illegal guns have been found? I suppose he was going to kill a
bunch of people with them?
--Ray Cote
An excellent reference for non-technical readers on the ORION system is
"The Starflight Handbook", by Eugene Mallove and Gregory Matloff, ISBN
0-471-61912-4. The relevant chapter is 4: Nuclear Pulse Propulsion.

The book also contains lots of technical references for the more academically
inclined. 

Enjoy!

[ Much deletion.  He is trying to explain the Immaculate Conception
and the Assumption of Mary.]


If this is true than why in the Genesis story is God concerned that
Adam and Eve might also eat from the Tree of Life and live forever and
be like gods?  Eating of the tree of life would not take away the
effects of eating of the Tree of Knowledge.  Is there any reason to
assume that they had already eaten of the Tree of Life and so had
already attained to eternal life?  If so, what basis is there for
saying that this was taken away from them?  To me the wages of sin are
a spiritual death, not necessarily a physical death.  I
can attest to the truth of this interpretation from my own experience.
I suspect that many others could attest to this as well. 

Peace
Will

---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
The only ether I see here is the stuff you must
have been breathing before you posted...


: I love the idea of an inflatable 1-mile long sign.... It will be a
: really neat thing to see it explode when a bolt  (or even better, a
: Westford Needle!) comes crashing into it at 10 clicks a sec.  

: <BOOM!>  Whooooooooshhhhhh......  <sputter, sputter>

: <okay, PRETEND it would make a sound!>
                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Just a thought... (let's pretend it IS INFLATED and PRESSURIZED) wouldn't
there be a large static electricity build up around the puncture?
If the metalization is behind a clear sandwich (ie. insulated) then the 
deflating balloon would generate electrical interference - "noise"

By the way, any serious high velocity impact would simply cut a "Bugs
Bunny" hole through the wall, highly unlikely to "BOOM", and the fabric
would almost certainly be ripstop.


definitely a lemur.

Elvis couldn't spell,  just listen to any of his songs.
Does anyone know ifthe STS-56 email press kit was ever released?

-Tony Ryan, "Astronomy & Space", new International magazine, available from:
              Astronomy Ireland, P.O.Box 2888, Dublin 1, Ireland.
6 issues (one year sub.): UK 10.00 pounds, US$20 surface (add US$8 airmail).
ACCESS/VISA/MASTERCARD accepted (give number, expiration date, name&address).

...

How can you tell they're identical?

You got one of them "Star Drek: The Next Syndication" neutrino
scanners?
Sorry, the San Jose based Rosicrucian order is called A.M.O.R.C, 
I don't remember for the time being what the A.M. stand for
but O.R.C is Ordo Rosae Crucis, in other words latin for
Order of the Rose Cross. Sigh, seems l'm loosing more and more
of my long term memory.

Otherwise their headquarters in San Jose has a pretty decent
metaphysical bookstore, if any of you are interested in such books.
And my son loves to run around in their Egyptian museum.

Cheers,
Kent
I think if there is to be a prize and such.. There should be "classes"
such as the following:

Large Corp.
Small Corp/Company (based on reported earnings?)
Large Government (GNP and such)
Small Governemtn (or political clout or GNP?)
Large Organization (Planetary Society? and such?)
Small Organization (Alot of small orgs..)

The organization things would probably have to be non-profit or liek ??

Of course this means the prize might go up. Larger get more or ??
Basically make the prize (total purse) $6 billion, divided amngst the class
winners..
More fair?

There would have to be a seperate organization set up to monitor the events,
umpire and such and watch for safety violations (or maybe not, if peopel want
to risk thier own lives let them do it?).
I'm looking for shading methods and algorithms.
Please let me know if you know where to get source codes for that.

Thanks a lot!

Thomas


+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
 

I understand and sympathize with your pain.  What happened in Waco was a very
sad tradgedy.  Don't take it out on us Christians though.  The Branch
Davidians were not an organized religion.  They were a cult led by a ego-maniac
cult leader.  The Christian faith stands only on the shoulders of one man,
the Lord of Lords and King of Kings, Jesus Christ.   BTW, David Koresh was NOT
Jesus Christ as he claimed.

God be with you,

Malcolm Lee  :)


While I agree with most of Jon says (I deleted those parts, of course), I 
have serious reservations about this advice.  Maintaining a `just 
friends' level of relationship is much easier said than done.  People 
usually end up getting hurt.  This is especially likely to happen when 
they start off with feelings of attraction.  

When people feel attracted those feelings can cloud their judgement.  
I've had the experience of going quickly from believing that I shouldn't 
date non-Christians to believing that dating this man would be okay to 
believing that premarital sex is fine when people really love each 
other.  When the relationship ended my beliefs immediately returned to 
their original state.  

This is an especially extreme case because I was young and away from home 
and fellowship.  I don't think it would work exactly this way for most 
people.  However, it's important not to underestimate the power of 
feelings of attraction.  
Is there an FTP archive for United States Geological Services (USGS)
terrain data? If so, where?


Woah...The context is about God's calling out a special people (the Jews) to
carry the "promise."  To read the meaning as literal people is to miss Paul's
entire point.  I'd be glad to send anyone more detailed explanations of this
passage if interested.

I'll pose a question here that's got me thinking:  what distinguishes
"true" religion from cults (I'm speaking generally here, not specifially
about Christianity)?  Jerry Falwell was on Good Morning America on 
Tuesday ostensibly to answer this question.  Basically, he said that
true religion follows a message whereas a cult follows a person.
But, then, Christianity is a cult because the message of Christianity
IS the person of Jesus.  So what distinguishes, for example, the
Branch Davidian "cult" from the Presbyterian "church"?  Doctrinal
differences don't answer the question, IMHO, so don't use them as
an answer.

  -- Scott at Brandeis

	"But God demonstrates His     "The Lord bless you, and keep you;
	 own love for us, in that      the Lord make His face shine on you,
	 while we were yet sinners,    and be gracious to you;
	 Christ died for us."	       the Lord lift up His countenance on you,
				       and give you peace."
		-- Romans 5:8 [NASB]		-- Numbers 6:24-26 [NASB]
I am trying to configure Zsoft's PC Paintbrush IV+ for use with my
Logitech Scanman 32 (hand scanner), but I can't get Paintbrush to
acknowledge the scanner. Is there anybody out there using Paintbrush
with a scanner, if so, can you help me out?
                                Thanks Luis Nobrega
                                                                                      
In the April edition of "One Small Step for a Space Activist",
Allen Sherzer & Tim Kyger write:
  "Another problem is what are called 'wraps' (or sometimes
   the 'center tax'). When work for a large program like
   Freedom or Shuttle is performed at a NASA center, the
   center skims off a portion which goes into what amounts
   to a slush fund. This money is used to fund work the
   center manager wants to fund. This sum is estimated to
   be over a third of the funds allocated. Think about
   that: Of the $30 billion cost of Freedom, fully $10
   billion won't be spent on anything having anything
   to do with Space Stations! Now, maybe that $10 billion
   was wisely spent (and maybe it wasn't), but the work done
   with it should stand on its own merits, not distorting
   the cost of other projects. Congress has no idea of the
   existense of these wraps; Congress has never heard the
   term 'center tax'. They look at the Station they are
   getting and the price they are paying and note that
   it doesn't add up. They wonder this blissfully unaware
   that a third of the money is going for something else."

My dear friends, your mixing fact and fiction here. A couple
of weeks ago, when I first read this in your posting, I
talked with one of the cost experts here in Space Station
at Headquarters [if you wondering why I didn't post a
response immediately, I do have a real job I'm supposed
to be doing here at Headquarters, & digging up old 20 kHz
data & looking into Sherzer/Kyger claims rates pretty low
on the totem pole of priority. Also, I spent last weekend
in Kansas City, at the National Science Teachers 
Association conference, extolling the virtues of SSF
to 15,000 science teachers.]

First off, yes, the concept of 'center tax', or 'wrap' does
exist. If I recall the numbers correctly, the total 'tax'
for the SSF program for this fiscal year is around $40 Million.
This was computed by adding up the WP-1, WP-2, and WP-4
center 'taxes'. With the SSF budget for this fiscal year at
$2.2 Billion, my calculater says the tax percentage is
04/2.2 = 1.8%

Over the life of the SSF program, using your figure of $30
billion for the cost of SSF, a tax at a 1.8% rate comes to
$540 million. This is alot less than $10 billion, but I
will concede it's still an appreciable amount of pocket
change.

I should note that your estimate of the tax rate at 1/3 could
be close to the actual rate. The tax is only charged on funds
that are spent at the center (kind of like McDonalds at some
states, where you do have to pay sales tax if you eat
the food at the restaurant, but you don't if you get it
take-out). For example, at WP-4, the vast bulk of the funds
we receive go to the Rocketdyne Contract, and are *NOT*
subject to the center tax (I don't have the numbers in
front of me, but I'd guess at least 95% of the WP-4 funds
go to Rocketdyne). So, you could be right about a tax
rate of 1/3, but it's only applied to funds spent at the
center, and not to the prime contracts.

This leads to the obvious question "What is the government
doing with SSF funds that don't go to the prime contractors?
(i.e. ok, WP-4 gets a slice of the $30 billion pie. A
big portion of this slice goes to Rocketdyne. What happens
to the balance of the funds, which aren't eaten
up by the center tax?)"

At WP-4, we call these funds we spend in-house supporting
development funds (as they are supporting the development
work done by Rocketdyne). We have used these funds to
setup our own testbed, to checkout the electrical
power system architecture. Our testbed has a real life
solar array field (left over from solar cell research
research a few years back), with lead-acid car batteries
(to simulate the Nickel-Hydrogen batteries on SSF), DC
switchgear, DC-DC converter units, and simulated
loads. Data from the testbed was used in a recent
change evaluation involving concerns about the stability
of the power system.

We have also used the supporting development money to
purchase Nickel Hydrogen batteries, which are on life
testing at both Lewis and the Crane Naval facility in
Indiana. As a side point, 6 of the battery cells on
test recently hit the four year life test milestone.
38 cells have completed 18,552 to 23,405 cycles (the
on-orbit batteries go through 5,840 cycles per year).

As a final example, my 'home' division at Lewis used
the supporting development funds to purchase personal
computers and work stations, for performing system
analyses (like modeling of the performance of the
electrical power system, availability calculations
using a Monte-Carlo simulation, setting up a 
database with information on weight of the power
system elements).

Finally, the money raised by the 'tax' does not all
go into a 'slush fund.' At Lewis, the director
does control a small discretionary fund. Each year,
any individual at Lewis can submit a proposal to
the director to get money from this fund to look
at pretty much anything within the Lewis Charter.

Most of the tax, however, goes to fund the 'general'
services at the Center, like the library, the 
central computer services division, the Contractor 
who removes the snow, etc. Thus, it is rather
difficult to determine what percentage of the
SSF budget doesn't go for SSF activities. To get
an accurate figure, you would have to take
the annual expenditure for the library (for example),
and then divide by the amount of the library funds
used to support SSF (which would be hard to
compute by itself - how would you figure out
what percentage of the bill for Aviation Week for
1 year is 'billable' to SSF, would you base it on
the person-hours SSF employees spend reading AV-week
versus the rest of the center personnel). You would
then have to compare this estimate of the SSF
portion of the library expense with the portion of
the tax that goes to support the library. Who knows,
maybe SSF overpays on the tax to run the library, but
we underpay for snow removal? Talk about
a burecratic nightmare!



Sorry, but I think this interpretation of the Matthew 13 parables is
nonsense. I.e.,


Matthew 16:12 explains that by "leaven of the Pharisees" Jesus was simply
referring to their teaching; not sin/corruption/heresy.

Jesus gaves His apostles the keys of the kingdom and said that
the gates of hell would not prevail against His church.

I dreamed that the great judgment morning had dawned,
     and the trumpet had blown.
I dreamed that the sinners had gathered for judgment
     before the white throne.
Oh what weeping and wailing as the lost were told of their fate.
They cried for the rock and the mountains.
They prayed, but their prayers were too late.
The soul that had put off salvation, 
"Not tonight I'll get saved by and by.
 No time now to think of ....... religion," 
Alas, he had found time to die.
And I saw a Great White Throne.

Now, some have protest by saying that the fear of hell is not good for
motivation, yet Jesus thought it was.  Paul thought it was.  Paul said, 
"Knowing therefore, the terror of the Lord, we persuade men."

Today, too much of our evangelism is nothing but soft soap and some of
it is nothing but evangelical salesmanship.  We don't tell people anymore, that
there's such a thing as sin or that there's such a place as hell.  

As Jayne has said, this doesn't mean we have to come on so strong so as to hit
people over the head with a baseball bat.  Yet the fact remains, there is a
place called hell.  A place so fearful that God died to save us from having to
experience it.  Whatever you or I, as Christians, do, we should do whatever we
can to win people to the Lord, if for no other reason, to keep them from going
to "outer darkness.".  

Jesus, in Mt. 25, tells us that He didn't prepare hell for people.  He prepared
it for the Devil and his angels.  No where in the Bible do I read -anywhere,
that God predestined anybody to go to hell.  D.L. Moody use to say that the
elect are the "whosoever will" and the nonelect are the "whosoever wont's." 
Whether or not that's theologically sound, I couldn't defend, but its
practical.  Jesus said to the people of Israel, "Ye would not."  

Now, some of you may not be students of the Bible, heck -some of you may not be
Christians.  Have you ever said to somebody, "I don't believe in hell.  I
believe in the religion of Jesus."  But did you know that Jesus talked more
about hell than He did about heaven!  "Oh I believe in the religion of the
sermon on the mount."  You find hell taught by Jesus in the sermon on the
mount.  You'll read that Jesus talked about the tree being cast into the fire. 
Several times he talks about hell and about judgment.  In fact, over and over
in the synoptics, Matthew, Mark and Luke, Jesus talks about hell.  Not Isaiah. 
Not Moses.  Not John the Baptist, though he did, but Jesus, the Son of God. 
The great Beloved One preached about hell because He loved people and didn't
want to see them go there.

Now, if there is no hell then Jesus preached in vain.  It was our Lord Jesus,
not some angry Baptist preacher, that said, "where the worm never dies, and
where the fire never goes out."  Jesus said that.  It was Jesus who called hell
a "furnace of fire."  It was Jesus that used the word, "condemnation."  "And
this is the condemnation, that men love darkness rather than light because
their deeds are evil.  Jesus said that.  

How can we get it across to you that a loving, dying Jesus preached about hell?
 Not only that, but He went through hell.  That's what Calgary was all about. 
When my Lord was on the cross, darkness fell.  He called hell, "outer
darkness."  

Do you have this idea that hell is a place where the gamblers are gambling over
here, the drunks are getting drunk over there, and the prostitutes are
prostituting their bodies over there?  That's not what hell is.  Hell's not a
party.  There's no fellowship there.  He called it "outer darkness."  "Outer"
-away from God.  "Darkness" -God is light.  

No when He was on the cross, He was made sin for you and for me.  God treated
Jesus the way sinners have to be treated.  That's is a sobering thought.  As my
son would say, an "awesome" thought.  

"My God, My God why hast Thou forsaken me?"  Hell is isolation.  There's no
fellowship in hell.  There's no friendship in hell.  There's no loving embrace
in hell.  There's no hand shake in hell.  There's no word of encouragement in
hell.  

"I thirst."  It goes much deeper than physical thirst.  Hell is eternal craving
with no satisfaction.  The man whose life was lived for drugs, will crave it
eternally.  The man whose life was lived for the lust of a woman's body, will
crave it eternally -and not be satisfied.  One theologian has put it this way
and I think it deserves merit.  What is hell?  Hell is just the kind of
environment that matches the internal condition of the lost.  

In a recent post, I was trying to remember the founder of The Word of Life
ministries.  I've remembered his name, Jack Wertzen, and found that the
illustration that I gave wasn't his.  His illustration was that he was talking
to his barber and his barber's wife and daughter had just recently been saved
and he was commenting about it to Jack.  "They sing these songs and read Bible
verses, and their praising this and that -I can't stand it!  Jack, do you think
God would send me to hell?"  Jack answered by saying, "Yes I think he would!" 
Of course the barber said, "What do you mean by that."  "Well if you can't
stand living at home with your wife and daughter who sing hymns and praises to
God now, what would you do in heaven where they'll do it for eternity?  You'd
be miserable.  Because God loves you, He'd put you where it would match what
you really are."   It makes a man think.

The crucifixion of Jesus Christ is a fact that necessitates the eternal
existence of hell because on the cross He performed an eternal act.  Don't ask
me how, I don't know.  But He is God and He is the infinite/eternal and when He
died, He died an infinite/eternal death.  It is by that eternal act that He
purchased eternal life for the "whosoever wills."  He suffered eternal
judgment.  

A lot of people would like to detour around hell by saying "Everybody is going
to be saved eventually."  -universalism.  My Bible says no, He'll separate
them.  The sheep from the goats.  ".After you die there's a probationary period
in which God prepares you for heaven."  No, my Bible says that "It is appointed
unto men once to die and then comes judgment."  Some of the cultist believe in
annihilation.  After you die, sssswish.  Just like a mosquito you're squished
out.  No, in Rev we are told that their is eternal existence in hell just as
there is in heaven.  

I don't enjoy making these kind of statements and maybe you don't enjoy
listening to them, but we have to preach the entire Word of God.  -There is a
place called hell.  If I could give one verse of Scripture that could give any
hope that people aren't going there, I'd give it to you, but I haven't found
it.  That fact that there is a place called hell, the fact that our God is a
God of holiness and must judge sin, the fact that He has made us the kind of
creatures we are and therefore we're responsible, the fact that He has placed
us in a "uni"verse that has purpose and design behind it, the fact that sin is
such an awful thing and the fact that God Himself went through hell to save us
from hell leads us to two applications.

1)  As I've already mentioned.  If you are a Christian, you must worn others. 
Its not good enough to stop and fix their flat tire and not tell them that just
around the bend the bridge is out.  "Knowing therefore the terror of Lord, we
persuade men."

2)  If you haven't accepted Jesus are your Savior, you're taking an awful
chance.  As I say to the Jehovah Witnesses (who no longer frequent my door), if
you are right and I am wrong, then I will have lived a good life and will die
and cease to exist, but if I am right and you are wrong, then you will die and
suffer eternal damnation.  I don't mean to make fun at this point, but its like
Dirty Harry said, "You've got to ask yourself, 'Do I feel lucky?'  Well do
you?"  "A man's got to know his limitations."  Don't be one of the "whosoever
wont's."  

Mr. Meritt, please state explicitly the inductive argument which leads
you to conclude Mr. Tice thinks it "OK" to take biblical quotes out of
context in some other t.r.m. articles.

Also, please explain why you rely on inductive reasoning (with its
implicit uncertainty) in determining Mr. Tice's opinions when the man
is himself clearly available for questioning.

Finally, please indicate whether you agree (yes or no) with the
following statement:
**********************************************************************

		      2ND CALL FOR PRESENTATIONS
	
      NAVY SCIENTIFIC VISUALIZATION AND VIRTUAL REALITY SEMINAR

			Tuesday, June 22, 1993

	    Carderock Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center
	      (formerly the David Taylor Research Center)

			  Bethesda, Maryland

**********************************************************************

SPONSOR: NESS (Navy Engineering Software System) is sponsoring a 
one-day Navy Scientific Visualization and Virtual Reality Seminar.  
The purpose of the seminar is to present and exchange information for
Navy-related scientific visualization and virtual reality programs, 
research, developments, and applications.

PRESENTATIONS: Presentations are solicited on all aspects of 
Navy-related scientific visualization and virtual reality.  All 
current work, works-in-progress, and proposed work by Navy 
organizations will be considered.  Four types of presentations are 
available.

     1. Regular presentation: 20-30 minutes in length
     2. Short presentation: 10 minutes in length
     3. Video presentation: a stand-alone videotape (author need not 
	attend the seminar)
     4. Scientific visualization or virtual reality demonstration (BYOH)

Accepted presentations will not be published in any proceedings, 
however, viewgraphs and other materials will be reproduced for 
seminar attendees.

ABSTRACTS: Authors should submit a one page abstract and/or videotape to:

     Robert Lipman
     Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division
     Code 2042
     Bethesda, Maryland  20084-5000

     VOICE (301) 227-3618;  FAX (301) 227-5753  
     E-MAIL  lipman@oasys.dt.navy.mil

Authors should include the type of presentation, their affiliations, 
addresses, telephone and FAX numbers, and addresses.  Multi-author 
papers should designate one point of contact.

**********************************************************************
DEADLINES: The abstact submission deadline is April 30, 1993.  
Notification of acceptance will be sent by May 14, 1993.  
Materials for reproduction must be received by June 1, 1993.
**********************************************************************

For further information, contact Robert Lipman at the above address.

**********************************************************************

	  PLEASE DISTRIBUTE AS WIDELY AS POSSIBLE, THANKS.

**********************************************************************


Robert Lipman                     | Internet: lipman@oasys.dt.navy.mil
David Taylor Model Basin - CDNSWC |       or: lip@ocean.dt.navy.mil
Computational Signatures and      | Voicenet: (301) 227-3618
   Structures Group, Code 2042    | Factsnet: (301) 227-5753
Bethesda, Maryland  20084-5000    | Phishnet: stockings@long.legs
Were the early Christians weird?  Yes!  So were their non-Christian
contemporaries (the more familiar you are with late Republican Rome
or the Pricipate, the weirder those people will seem -- forget the
creative filtering done by Renaissance and Eighteenth Century hero
worship.)  So are modern non-Christians.  And Christians.

You are pretty weird, yourself, with your rather acid dismissal of
Luther and of Protestantism -- and in apparently buying into a
simplistic propaganda model about Catholicism *not* being faddish.  
Sure, it's so large that global fads take longer cycles than they
do in smaller denominations (and local ones are not usually visible
unless you do a lot of traveling to exotic lands :-)).  May I recom-
mend, as a salutary antidote to this nonsense Philippe Aries' book
_The Hour of our Death_, a longitudinal study of death customs in 
Western [specifically Catholic] Christendom?

And it won't help to escape into the obscurity of the first Christian
century.  Paul was pretty weird, too; as were Peter and the others in
the (apparently quite weird) circle around Jesus.

What I think you might find helpful is a bit more charity -- try to
understand these weirdos and nutcases with the same respect and love
you would expect others to show YOUR notions.  We *are* commanded to
love one another, after all.  And Brown's book is, in fact, a heroic
attempt to SEE the groupings he talks about as motivated in love and
the gospel and their social contexts.  (If anything, Brown is *too*
heroic here -- he manages to overstrain himself at times :-))

I don't suggest that we *follow* any of these old cult paths -- and
it raises hard questions from the skeptic inside me that so much of
early Christianity *was* like the weird (Christian and non-Christian)
cults we see today.  To that extent, I think you raise a serious
problem (and perhaps your phrasing is implicitly self-deprecatory
and ironic.)

But the first principle for *answering* these questions is respect and
love for those we do not understand.  And it helps to *work* at under-
standing (as long as we do not get overwhelmed by revulsion and begin
to withdraw our respect for them as people.)  I would advise, in other
words, MORE historical reading (Brown's other books are also good, most
especially his bio. of Augustine; also try Robin Lane Fox's _Christians
and Pagans_, maybe the Paul Veyne ed. _History of Private Life_, some
of Foucault's books on sexuality in the ancient world ...)

Humanity *is* weird -- we have known ONE sane person, and we killed Him.
Fortunately for us, this has proved a Comedy rather than a Tragedy.

Easter, 1993.

(yes; this is a tad early -- our Vigil service here has been moved forward
because so many churches in the area have taken to doing their own Vigils,
and the seminarians must therefore worship-and-run if they are to do it
here and there as well.  Think of this as an Anglican fad.  :-))
+
+I love the idea of an inflatable 1-mile long sign.... It will be a
+really neat thing to see it explode when a bolt  (or even better, a
+Westford Needle!) comes crashing into it at 10 clicks a sec.  
+
Pageos and two Echo balloons were inflated with a substance
which expanded in vacuum. Once inflated the substance was no longer
needed since there is nothing to cause the balloon to collapse.
This inflatable structure could suffer multiple holes with no 
disastrous deflation.

Just posting to John Cormack.
I wanted to tell you that there is a "slight" difference between 
Speedstar 24 and Speedstar 24X

Those things,
	which ye have both learned, and received,
	and heard, and seen in me,
	do:
	and the God of peace shall be with you.
Archive-name: space/data
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:07 $

ONLINE AND OTHER SOURCES OF IMAGES, DATA, ETC.


INTRODUCTION

    A wide variety of images, data, catalogs, information releases, and
    other material dealing with space and astronomy may be found on the net.
    A few sites offer direct dialup access or remote login access, while the
    remainder support some form of file transfer. Many sites are listed as
    providing 'anonymous FTP'. This refers to the File Transfer Protocol on
    the Internet. Sites not connected to the Internet cannot use FTP
    directly, but there are a few automated FTP servers which operates via
    email. Send mail containing only the word HELP to ftpmail@decwrl.dec.com
    or bitftp@pucc.princeton.edu, and the servers will send you instructions
    on how to make requests.

    The sources with the broadest selection of material are the NASA Ames
    SPACE archive and the National Space Science Data Center.

    Don't even ask for images to be posted to the net. The data volume is
    huge and nobody wants to spend the time on it.


VIEWING IMAGES

    The possible combinations of image formats and machines is forebodingly
    large, and I won't attempt to cover common formats (GIF, etc.) here. To
    read PDS and VICAR (and many other) formats on Unix systems running X,
    use XV 2.11, available by anonymous FTP from export.lcs.mit.edu
    (18.24.0.12) in contrib/xv-2.11.tar.Z and the other standard X11 FTP
    sites.

    The FAQ for the Usenet group alt.binaries.pictures discusses image
    formats and how to get image viewing software. A copy of this document
    is available by anonymous FTP from the Usenet FAQ archives at
    pit-manager.mit.edu (18.72.1.58), in directory
    pub/usenet/alt.binaries.pictures.


ONLINE ARCHIVES

    NASA AMES

    Extensive archives are maintained at NASA Ames and are available via
    anonymous FTP or an email server. These archives include many images and
    a wide variety of documents including this FAQ list, NASA press
    releases, shuttle launch advisories, and mission status reports. Please
    note that these are NOT maintained on an official basis.

    FTP users should connect to ames.arc.nasa.gov (128.102.18.3) and look in
    pub/SPACE. pub/SPACE/Index contains a listing of files available in the
    archive (the index is about 200K by itself).

    To access the archives by email, send a letter to
    archive-server@ames.arc.nasa.gov (or ames!archive-server). In the
    subject of your letter (or in the body), use commands like:

	send SPACE Index
	send SPACE SHUTTLE/ss01.23.91.

    The capitalization of the subdirectory names is important. All are in
    caps. Only text files are handled by the email server at present; use
    one of the FTP email servers described in the introduction to this
    section for images or programs.

    The Magellan Venus and Voyager Jupiter, Saturn, and Uranus CD-ROM image
    disks have been put online in the CDROM and CDROM2 directories. The
    disks will be rotated on a weekly basis. Thousands of images are
    available in these collections.

    The GIF directory contains images in GIF format. The VICAR directory
    contains Magellan images in VICAR format (these are also available in
    the GIF directory). A PC program capable of displaying these files is
    found in the IMDISP directory (see the item "VIEWING IMAGES" below).

    The NASA media guide describes the various NASA centers and how to
    contact their public affairs officers; this may be useful when pursuing
    specific information. It's in MISC/media.guide.

    Any problems with the archive server should be reported to Peter Yee
    (yee@ames.arc.nasa.gov).


    NASA ASTROPHYSICS DATA SYSTEM

    The ADS is a distributed data retrieval system which is easy to use and
    provides uniform access to ground-based and space-based astronomy data
    from NASA data centers across the country. It currently has over 140
    data catalogs of radio, infrared, optical, UV, and X-ray data which can
    be queried by position or any other parameter in the catalog. The ADS
    also provides tools to manipulate and plot tabular results. In addition,
    ADS has a Beta version of an Abstracts Service which allows users to
    query over 125,000 abstracts of astronomy papers since 1975 by authors,
    keywords, title words, or abstract text words.

    ADS use requires direct Internet access. For more info and to sign up to
    become a user, email ads@cuads.coloradu.edu. The User's Guide and
    "QuickStart" Guide are available by anonymous FTP to sao-ftp.harvard.edu
    in directory pub/ads/ADS_User_Guide (PostScript files).

    Contact Carolyn Stern Grant (stern@cfa.harvard.edu).


    NASA JET PROPULSION LAB (MISSION INFORMATION AND IMAGES)

    pubinfo.jpl.nasa.gov (128.149.6.2) is an anonymous FTP site operated by
    the JPL Public Information Office, containing news releases, status
    reports, fact sheets, images, and other data on JPL missions. It may
    also be reached by modem at (818)-354-1333 (no parity, 8 data bits, 1
    stop bit).

    Contact newsdesk@jplpost.jpl.nasa.gov or phone (818)-354-7170.


    NASA LANGLEY (TECHNICAL REPORTS)

    techreports.larc.nasa.gov is an anonymous FTP site offering technical
    reports. To get started, cd to directory pub/techreports/larc/92 and
    retrieve files README and abstracts.92. Most files are compressed
    PostScript. The reports are also in a WAIS database with the following
    description:

	(:source
	 :version 3
	 :ip-name "techreports.larc.nasa.gov"
	 :tcp-port 210
	 :database-name "nasa-larc-abs"
	 :cost 0.00
	 :cost-unit :free
	 :maintainer "M.L.Nelson@LaRC.NASA.GOV"
	 :description "NASA Langley Research Center Technical Reports

    Contact tr-admin@techreports.larc.nasa.gov.


    NASA SPACELINK

    SpaceLink is an online service located at Marshall Space Flight Center
    in Huntsville, Alabama. The system is specifically designed for
    teachers. The data base is arranged to provide easy access to current
    and historical information on NASA aeronautics, space research, and
    technology transfer information. Also included are suggested classroom
    activities that incorporate information on NASA projects to teach a
    number of scientific principles. Unlike bulletin board systems, NASA
    Spacelink does not provide for interaction between callers. However it
    does allow teachers and other callers to leave questions and comments
    for NASA which may be answered by regular mail. Messages are answered
    electronically, even to acknowledge requests which will be fulfilled by
    mail. Messages are generally handled the next working day except during
    missions when turnaround times increase. The mail system is closed-loop
    between the user and NASA.

    SpaceLink also offers downloadable shareware and public domain programs
    useful for science educators as well as space graphics and GIF images
    from NASA's planetary probes and the Hubble Telescope.

    You can dial in at (205)-895-0028 (300/1200/2400/9600(V.32) baud, 8
    bits, no parity, 1 stop bit), or telnet to spacelink.msfc.nasa.gov
    (128.158.13.250, also known as xsl.msfc.nasa.gov) if you're on the
    Internet. Anonymous FTP capability (password guest) is now available.

    Most of this information is also available from the Ames server in
    directory SPACELINK.


    NATIONAL SPACE SCIENCE DATA CENTER (NSSDC)

    The National Space Science Data Center is the official clearinghouse for
    NASA data. The data catalog (*not* the data itself) is available online.
    Internet users can telnet to nssdca.gsfc.nasa.gov (128.183.36.23) and
    log in as 'NODIS' (no password). You can also get the catalog by sending
    email to 'request@nssdc.gsfc.nasa.gov'.

    You can also dial in at (301)-286-9000 (300, 1200, or 2400 baud, 8 bits,
    no parity, one stop). At the "Enter Number:" prompt, enter MD and
    carriage return. When the system responds "Call Complete," enter a few
    more carriage returns to get the "Username:" and log in as 'NODIS' (no
    password).

    The system is menu-driven; topics available as of 3/93 are:

	1   -	Master Directory - NASA & Global Change
	2   -	Personnel Information Management System
	3   -	Nimbus-7 GRID TOMS Data
	4   -	Interplanetary Medium Data (OMNI)
	5   -	Request data and/or information from NSSDC
	6   -	Geophysical Models
	7   -	CANOPUS Newsletter
	8   -	International Ultraviolet Explorer Data Request
	9   -	CZCS Browse and Order Utility
	10  -	Astronomical Data Center (ADC)
	11  -	STEP Bulletin Board Service
	12  -	Standards and Technology Information System
	13  -	Planetary Science & Magellan Project Information
	14  -	Other Online Data Services at NSSDC
	15  -	CD-ROMS Available at NSSDC

    For users with Internet access, datasets are made available via
    anonymous FTP once you select the desired datasets from the online
    catalog. For other users, data may be ordered on CD-ROM and in other
    formats. Among the many types of data available are Voyager, Magellan,
    and other planetary images, Earth observation data, and star catalogs.
    Viewers for Macintosh and IBM systems are also available. As an example
    of the cost, an 8 CD set of Voyager images is $75. Data may ordered
    online, by email, or by physical mail. The postal address is:

	National Space Science Data Center
	Request Coordination Office
	Goddard Space Flight Center
	Code 633
	Greenbelt, MD  20771

	Telephone: (301) 286-6695

	Email address:	 request@nssdca.gsfc.nasa.gov


    SPACE TELESCOPE SCIENCE INSTITUTE ELECTRONIC INFORMATION SERVICE

    stsci.edu (130.167.1.2) has a large amount of information about the
    Hubble Space Telescope available by anonymous FTP, such as status
    reports and newsletters, in addition to material oriented towards HST
    observers and proposers. Get the top level README file to begin with.
    Contact Pete Reppert (reppert@stsci.edu) or Chris O'Dea
    (odea@stsci.edu).


    STARCAT

    The Space Telescope European Coordination Facility, at ESO/Garching
    provides on-line access to a huge astronomical database, featuring

	- Observation log files of several satellites/telescopes
	    (IUE,IRAS,HST,NTT...).
	- Spectra and images (IUE, HST).
	- Most of the astronomical catalogues (SAO, HR, NGC, PPM, IRAS,
	    Veron, GSC and many others, more than 50) in a very convenient
	    way (give center+radius+kind of objects, and you get the
	    corresponding files!).

    Log on as ``starcat'' (no password) on node stesis.hq.eso.org
    (134.171.8.100) or on STESIS (DECnet). The files created can be
    retreived by FTP. Contact: Benoit Pirenne, bpirenne@eso.org (phone +49
    89 320 06 433) at ST-ECF


    ASTRONOMICAL DATABASES

    The full SAO stellar database is *NOT* available online, probably due to
    the 40 MB size. It may be ordered on magnetic tape from the NSSDC. A
    subset containing position and magnitude only is available by FTP (see
    "Astronomy Programs" below).

    nic.funet.fi (128.214.6.100) has a large collection of astronomical
    programs for many types of computers, databases of stars and deep sky
    objects, and general astronomy information in directory /pub/astro. This
    site is mainly for European users, but overseas connections are
    possible.

    The Ames archives contain a database of 8,436 galaxies including name,
    RA, declination, magnitude, and radial velocity in MISC/galaxy.dat.
    Supplied by Wayne Hayes (wayne@csri.utoronto.ca).

    iris1.ucis.dal.ca (129.173.18.107) has a number of GIFs from Voyager,
    Hubble, and other sources available by anonymous FTP in pub/gif (most of
    this data is also in SPACE/GIF on the Ames server). Please restrict
    access to 5pm - 8am Atlantic time.

    pomona.claremont.edu has the Yale Bright Star catalog for anonymous FTP
    in directory [.YALE_BSC]. Contact James Dishaw
    (jdishaw@hmcvax.claremont.edu).

    The Hubble Guide Star catalog is available on CD-ROM for the Mac and PC
    for $49.95 US (catalog # ST101).

	Astronomical Society of the Pacific
	390 Ashton Ave.
	San Francisco, CA 94112
	Phone: (415) 337-2624 9 AM - 3 PM Pacific Time
	FAX: (415) 337-5205

    For German (and possibly other European) readers, Jost Jahn has a
    service to distribute astronomical data to interested amateurs at cost.
    About 30-40 catalogs are available for DM 6..8/disk. Several floppy disk
    formats are available. Because of the expense of receiving email on his
    system, he asks that you contact him by physical mail:

	Jost Jahn
	Neustaedter Strasse 11
	W-3123 Bodenteich
	GERMANY
	Phone: FRG-5824-3197


    ASTRONOMY PROGRAMS

    Various astronomy-related programs and databases posted to the net in
    the past are archived for anonymous FTP at multiple sites, including
    ftp.uu.net (137.39.1.9). Also see the ASTRO-FTP list posted to sci.astro
    monthly, which is more complete than this list.

    Astonomical/Space-related sources of interest in comp.sources.unix:

    Volume 8:	    phoon	moon phase and date routines
    Volume 12,13:   starchart	starchart program & Yale Star data
    Volume 15:	    moontool	shows moon phase picture on Suns
    Volume 16:	    sao		reduced SAO catalog

    Astonomical/Space-related sources of interest in comp.sources.misc:

    Volume  8:	    moon	another moon phase program
    Volume 11:	    starchart	starchart program, version 3.2
    Volume 11:	    n3emo-orbit orbit: track earth satellites
    Volume 12:	    starchart2	starchart program, update to version 3.2.1
    Volume 13:	    jupmoons	plotter for Jupiter's major moons [in perl]
    Volume 13:	    lunisolar	lunisolar (not sure what this does)
    Volume 14:	    ephem-4.21	astronomical ephemeris, v4.21
    Volume 14:	    n3emo-orbit patch to orbit 3.7
    Volume 18:	    planet	planet generation simulator

    Elwood Downey (e_downey@tasha.cca.cr.rockwell.com), the author of
    "ephem", has offered to mail copies to people who can't find it on one
    of the archives.

    XSAT, an X Window System based satellite tracking program, is
    available by anonymous FTP from export.lcs.mit.edu (18.24.0.12) in
    contrib/xsat1.0.tar.Z. Contact Dave Curry (davy@ecn.purdue.edu)
    for more information.

    Xsky, a computerized sky atlas for the X Window System, is available for
    anonymous FTP on arizona.edu in the directory [.SOFTWARE.UNIX.XSKY] as
    xsky.tarz. Contact Terry R. Friedrichsen (terry@venus.sunquest.com) for
    more information.

    The "Variable Stars Analysis Software Archive" is available via
    anonymous FTP from kauri.vuw.ac.nz (130.195.11.3) in directory
    pub/astrophys. This is intended for specialists in this field, and they
    would appreciate people from outside New Zealand confining their FTP
    access to the astrophys directory, as they pay a significant amount for
    Internet access. Contents are relatively sparse at present due to the
    youth of the archive - contributions are encouraged. Contact the archive
    administrator, Timothy Banks (bankst@kauri.vuw.ac.nz) for more
    information.

    The "IDL Astronomy Users Library" is available by anonymous FTP from
    idlastro.gsfc.nasa.gov (128.183.57.82). This is a central repository for
    general purpose astronomy procedures written in IDL, a commercial image
    processing, plotting, and programming language. Contact Wayne Landsman
    (landsman@stars.gsfc.nasa.gov) for more information.


    ORBITAL ELEMENT SETS

    The most recent orbital elements from the NASA Prediction Bulletins are
    carried on the Celestial BBS, (513)-427-0674. Documentation and tracking
    software are also available on this system. The Celestial BBS may be
    accessed 24 hours/day at 300, 1200, or 2400 baud using 8 data bits, 1
    stop bit, no parity.

    Orbital element sets are available via anonymous FTP from the
    following sites:

    archive.afit.af.mil (129.92.1.66)	    NASA,TVRO,Shuttle
    directory: /pub/space

    ftp.funet.fi (128.214.6.100)	    NASA,TVRO,Molczan,CelBBS,
    directory: /pub/astro/pc/satel	    Shuttle (*)

    kilroy.jpl.nasa.gov (128.149.1.165)     NASA,Molczan
    directory: /pub/space/


    SPACE DIGEST ARCHIVES

    Copies of back issues of Space Digest are archived on
    LISTSERV@UGA.BITNET. Send mail containing the message "INDEX SPACE" to
    get an index of files; send it the message "GET filename filetype" to
    get a particular file.


LANDSAT AND NASA PHOTOS

    You can get black-and-white 1:1M prints, negatives, or positives for
    $10, $18, $12 respectively for any Landsat data more than 2 years old
    from EDC, (Eros (Earth Resources Orbiting Satellite) Data Center). Call
    them at (605)-594-6511. You get 80 meter resolution from the MSS
    scanner, 135x180 kilometers on a picture 135x180 mm in size. I think you
    have to select one band from (green, red, near IR, second near IR), but
    I'm not sure. Digitial data is also available at higher prices.

    Transparencies of all NASA photos available to the public can be
    borrowed from the NASA photo archive; you can have copies or prints
    made.

	 NASA Audio-Visual Facility
	 918 North Rengstorff Ave
	 Mountain View, CA  94043
	 (415)-604-6270


PLANETARY MAPS

    The USGS address for maps of the planets is:

    U.S. Geological Survey,
    Distribution Branch,
    Box 25286, Federal Center, Bldg. 41
    Denver, CO 80225

    Maps cost $2.40 to $3.10 per sheet (a few come in sets of 2 or 3 sheets).

    The best global maps of Mars based on Viking images are 1:15,000,000
    scale in 3 sheets. These maps are:

    I-1535 (2 sheets only) - relief, albedo, names
    I-1535
    I-1618 (3 sheets) - relief, names
    I-2030 (3 sheets) - relief, topographic contours
    I-1802-A,B,C (3 sheets) - geology

    There are many other maps as well: 30 sheets at 1:5,000,000 scale in
    relief, albedo, geology, photomosaic forms (not all 30 sheets available
    in all formats); 140 sheets at 1:2,000,000 scale as photomosaics of the
    whole planet, about 100 sheets of interesting sites at 1:500,000 scale
    in photomosaic format, and lots of special sheets.

    Then there are maps of Mercury, Venus, the Moon, the four Galilean
    Satellites, six moons of Saturn and five of Uranus. [Phil Stooke
    (stooke@vaxr.sscl.uwo.ca), the author of this item, has offered to
    respond to email requests for information on any topic relating to lunar
    and planetary maps.]


COMETARY ORBIT DATA

    The Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams and the Minor Planet
    Center announce the sixth edition of the Catalogue of Cometary Orbits in
    IAU Circular 4935. The catalogue contains 1292 entries which represent
    all known comets through November 1989 and is 96 pages long.
    Non-subscribers to the Circulars may purchase the catalogue for $15.00
    while the cost to subscribers is $7.50. The basic catalogue in ASCII
    along with a program to extract specific orbits and calculate
    ephemerides is available on MS-DOS 5.25-inch 2S2D diskette at a cost of
    $75.00 (the program requires an 8087 math coprocessor). The catalogue
    alone is also available by e-mail for $37.50 or on magnetic tape for
    $300.00.

    Except for the printed version of the catalogue, the various magnetic
    media or e-mail forms of the catalogue do not specifically meantion
    non-subscribers. It is possible that these forms of the catalogue may
    not be available to non-subscribers or that their prices may be more
    expensive than those given. Mail requests for specific information and
    orders to:

	Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams
	Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
	Cambridge, MA 02138, USA

: Has anyone ever heard of a food product called "Space Food Sticks?" 

I remember those awful things.  They were dry and crumbly, and I
recall asking my third-grade teacher, Miss G'Francisco, how they
kept the crumbs from floating around in zero-G.  She had no clue.
I have not seen anything like them in today's space program.

Some Apollo technology is best forgotten.

-- Ken Jenks, NASA/JSC/GM2, Space Shuttle Program Office
      kjenks@gothamcity.jsc.nasa.gov  (713) 483-4368
Of course, I do not agree.  It does have more horsepower.  Horsepower is not
the only measurement for 'better'.  It does not have full motion, full screen
video yet.  Does it have CD-ROM XA?

Which other manufacturers?
We shall see about the date.

This is second hand, but it still hard to look to the future ;-).
I posted this several days ago for Dave Butler.  He may have missed it - my
Usenet board has changed a little.  Just in case he missed it, here it is again.


Dave Butler writes...
 
From: daveb@pogo.wv.tek.com (Dave Butler)
Subject: Re: NEW BIBLICAL CONTRADICTIONS [Fallaciously] ANSWERED (Judas)
Date: Thu Apr  1 20:52:11 1993
 
"I can basically restrict this post to showing the type of evidence Mr DeCenso
has presented, and answering his two questions (and a couple of his spurious
insults and false claims)."
 
MY REPLY...
O.K.
 
DB...
[By the way Mr DeCenso, you really should have looked in the index of your
Bauer-Arndt-Gingrich Greek lexicon.  You would have found that the word in
Acts for "lot" is "kleros," not "CHORION" as stated by Mr Archer, and nowhere
in the very large discussion of kleros in done the to "Theological Dictionary
of the New Testament" by Bromley, is the meaning "burial plot" discussed.  It
discusses the forms of "kleros" (eg: kleros, kleroo, etc), and the various
meanings of "kleros" (eg: "plot of land," and "inheritance"), but mentions
nothing about CHORION or "burial plot." (Why does this not surprise me?) Thus
it would seem to be a very good thing you dumped Archer as a reference.]
 
DB later corrected himself...
_____________________________________________________________________
From: daveb@pogo.wv.tek.com (Dave Butler)
Subject: Re: NEW BIBLICAL CONTRADICTIONS [Fallaciously] ANSWERED (Judas)
Date: Fri Apr  2 02:32:11 1993
 
I owe the group an apology.  It is my habit to check my articles before and
after their submission for errors.  In my last article I stated:
 
 
I was wrong. I admit that I do not have a handle on Greek grammar, and thus
confused "kleros", the second to last word in Acts 1:17 as being the plot of
land discussed.  In actuality it is "chorion", which is the last word Acts
1:18.  Unfortunately my Greek dictionary does not discuss "chorion" so I
cannot report as to the nuances of the word.
 
I don't know if someone else would have caught this, though I am sure that
someone would be able to do so, but I have an aversion to disseminating
mistakes, especially when someone else might use that mistake to prove a point"
 
_____________________________________________________________________
 
MY REPLY...
Vary noble of you Dave.  I didn't want to have to go to x number of sources to
show you wrong.  (Although I am researching CHORION a little).
 
DB...
"Of course the only other reference Mr DeCenso has given is Bullinger.  And
Bullinger uses such ridiculous exegisis that when I accused Mr DeCenso of
actually believing Bullinger, he replied that I misquoted him:
 
of > my response to see what I REALLY said in my posting of this article.
 
 [Actually Mr DeCenso, you said that there was "benefit" to our argument, in
  that it caused to to rediscover Bullinger's exegisis.  I did not realize
  that you would find such garbage beneficial, unless you were convinced by
  it]."
 
MY REPLY...
Thank you for correcting your restating of my points.
 
DB...
"and Mr DeCenso also replied:
 
 
Thus I apologize for thinking that even Mr DeCenso could find such "drek"
convincing....he should specify which parts of Bullinger he finds convincing
and quit hiding behind a disingenuous mask of "This is what Bullinger
believed, not necessarily what I believe." So which is it Mr DeCenso? Do you
find the exegisis convincing or not?)"
 
MY REPLY...
One of my purposes in debating these alleged contradictions with you and
others is to diseminate many different views of possible reconciliations
raised by various Bible scholars and students alike.  When I present MY VIEWS,
I will clearly distinguish them from now on.
 
DB...
"Of course without Archer and Bullinger we find that Mr DeCenso has presented
no Greek exegisis at all, and Mr DeCenso has made a big thing about my not
referring back to the actual Greek.  Thus we find this demand on his part for
quality Greek exegisis to be a hypocritical requirement."
 
MY REPLY...
Good point.  But in your declaring that these passages are contradictory, you
have produced only superficial reasonings and observations. Nor have you dug
deeper.  I'm glad you have begun in this post.  I will begin Greek studies on
these passages in more depth than I thought necessary, as well.
 
DB...
"It would be appropriate to look at what Mr DeCenso has actually USED as
evidence.  Now we know what he claims for a standard, as he has stated it
often enough:
 
 
But are these actual standards he has used, or simply empty hyperbole.  Let's
see, he has used (a), and since he is trying to reconcile it to other
passages, we see that he has also used (b).  On the other hand he has
presented no use of:
 
(d) historical context                or
(e) historical content                or
(f) other pertinent historical info   or
(g) cultural context                  or
(h) cultural content                  or
(i) other pertinent cultural info     or
(j) grammatical construction          or even
(k) Hebrew and Greek word studies [remember, Archer and Bullinger don't count]
 
Thus we find his vaunted criteria for exegisis is just empty mouthings."
 
MY REPLY...
Question:  Do you find such criteria important?  If so, do you plan on starting
to use them to the best of your ability, or will you continue to present
shallow observations (I don't mean this in a bad way).
At this point in our _debates_, I have not found it necessary to present a
total exegetical analysis of these passages, since we seem to keep beating
around the bush and not getting into the core of the verses.  I do not believe
it necessary to use many of the above criteria to refute your arguments re:
Judas in Acts and Matthew, but I will do my best from this point on to use
several of the above criteria, since you desire me to.  I hope you will also.
It will greatly enhance our study of these passages.
 
DB...
"The only thing he has actually used, beyond the passage itself, is any other
passage.  Thus Mr DeCenso should be honest and note that most of his list is
red herring and his only real criteria seems to be:
 
 
MY REPLY...
The reason is simple...you are mistating the passages.  You claim that the
PASSAGES contradict one another; I do not see the PASSAGES contradicting one
another.
(1) They may very well be complimentary, as many scholarly sources mention;
(2) Matthew may not be presenting Judas' death, as you claim.  But we'll look
at your defense of this later.
 
Also, the "reward of iniquity" in the Acts PASSAGE may not be the 30 pieces of
silver in Matthew's PASSAGES.  (Although you have a valiant attempt later at
stating why you believe it is).
 
At this beginning stages in our debates, we are laying some Scriptural
groundwork, which will be expanded upon through deeper exegesis.
 
DB...
"Of course the only reason I can see to so drastically reinterpret a passage
as he has done with Judas' death, is to make it agree with another passage so
that both could be considered correct."
 
MY REPLY...
One of the reasons I have given a different exegetical view of the passages is
that you seem to think the majority of scholarship is wrong in concluding these
passages are complimentary.  However, I see no problem in Tony Rose's
explanation of Judas' death...
 
_____________________________________________________________________
 
HOW WOULD YOU EXPLAIN THE INACCURACY BETWEEN JUDAS HANGING
HIMSELF IN MATTHEW 27:5 AND "FALLING HEADLONG HE BURST OPEN"
=============================================================
 
This question of the manner in which Judas died is one with which we are
constantly confronted in our travels. Many people point to the apparent
discrepancy in the two accounts as an obvious, irreconcilable error.
Some have gone so far as to say that the idea of an inerrant Bible is
destroyed by these contradictory accounts. However, this is not the case at
all.
Matthew relates that Judas hanged himself, while Peter tells us he fell and
was crushed by the impact. The two statements are indeed different, but do
they necessarily contradict each other?
Matthew does not say that Judas did not fall; neither does Peter say that
Judas did not hang himself. This is not a matter of one person calling
something black and the other person calling it white. Both accounts can be
true and supplementary.
A possible reconstruction would be this: Judas hanged himself on a tree on the
edge of a precipice that overlooked the valley of Hinnom. After he hung there
for some time, the limb of the tree snapped or the rope gave way and Judas
fell down the ledge, mangling his body in the process.
The fall could have been before *or* after death as either would fit this
explanation. This possibility is entirely natural when the terrain of the
valley of Hinnom is examined.  From the bottom of the valley, you can see
rocky terraces 25 to 40 feet in height and almost perpendicular.
There are still trees around the ledges and a rocky pavement at the bottom.
Therefore, it is easy to conclude that Judas struck one of the jagged rocks on
this way down, tearing his body open. It is important to remember that we are
not told how long Judas remained hanging from the tree or how advanced
was the decomposition of his body before his fall.
Louis Gaussen relates a story of a man who was determined to kill himself.
This individual placed himself on the sill of a high window and pointed a
pistol at his head. He then pulled the trigger and leaped from the window at
the same time.
On the other hand, a person could say that this man took his life by shooting
himself, while another could rightly contend he committed suicide by jumping
form the tall building. In this case, both are true, as both are true in the
case of Matthew's and Peter's accounts of the death of Judas. It is merely a
situation of different perspectives of the same event.
 
_____________________________________________________________________
 
Your only reason for rejecting this is, I believe, your attempt to discredit
inerrancy.  You haven't related how this is IMPOSSIBLE or highly unlikely.
Here's what you said in an earlier post...
 
_____________________________________________________________________
DB [quoting Tony Rose]...
 
"The added text in this version is so heavy that, assuming you are truly so
opposed to such tactics, you should find it not credible.  But you seem to
find Tony Rose's eisegesis satisfactory, while clearly rejecting David
Joslin's."
 
_____________________________________________________________________
 
Here, you discredit Tony's explanation based on what you deem too "heavy" for
the passages.  But you haven't addressed why you feel that way.  You can say
it's a vain attempt to reconcile the contradiction, but that doesn't tell me it
didn't happen, nor have you shown why you reject that possibility.
 
Questions:  Is Matthew lying or is Luke lying?  Or are they both lying?  Or
are either or both of them misinformed?  Why do you think there is such an
alleged contradiction?  I do not think you have ever told us what you believe
in this respect.
 
DB...
"At present though, Mr DeCenso only asks two questions of me:
 
 
Actually I find question (1) to be a rather stupid request, but I will answer
it because he now restricts himself to two points.  First I would point out
that hanging is a very efficient manner for ending a life.  In fact it is a
bit of a fluke when someone survives hanging (except in fantasy cowboy
movies), and even then it usually referred to as an attempted hanging."
 
MY REPLY...
I work at an agency that investigates child abuse and neglect.  Today, I got a
call re: a child that attempted suicide by hanging himself because his mother
is on crack.  He failed in his attempt and is in a child's psych ward at a
local hospital.  Hanging attempts are not always successful.
 
To assume that because most hangings are successful, this one was also is
"begging the question", if I may quote you.
 
[Last night, listening to _The Bible Answer Man_ broadcast, The Christian
Research Institute's show, one of the scholars on there used several of these
terms that you use.  I am not all that familiar with them.  The man on the BAM
show teaches Comparative Religion and Logic.  It was interesting]
 
DB...
"This is so prevalent that, so that to say a man hung himself with no other
qualifiers is synonymous with stating that he killed himself."
 
MY REPLY...
Qualifiers are important at times, as we'll see in an OT passage I'll mention
below.
Does hanging ALWAYS have this outcome?  Did Matthew, who is the only source we
have re: Judas hanging himself, state that Judas died as a result?  To say it's
synonymous means it has the same meaning as.  A boy (age 14) hung himself.  But
he lived.  This is only one of probably thousands of documented cases we can
discover.
 
DB...
"Now I am not alone in this thought; in fact, since Mr DeCenso so respects
Christian scholarly (including Greek scholars) opinion, I did some research."
 
MY REPLY...
Thank you, Dave.
 
DB...
"Interestingly, not one of the Christian references I read, interpreted the
hanging as being anything but a fatal suicide.              ^^^^^^^^^^^
 
MY REPLY...
[^^^ above, mine]
So it's OK to use Christian sources to back your points?  What about Tony's
position.  Do you value it or even consider it as a valid possibility?
 
Also, is it possible that the sources you read may be wrong, or lying, or
deceived in other parts of their books?  If so, should we do, as we have done
with Archer, toss them to the side and not value anything they say, including
their "interpretation" of the hanging of Judas?  I am sure _you_ would find
some errors and maybe even some deception in those sources.
 
You also noted they "interpreted" the hanging as meaning he died.  Although
that is very possibly true, do you find that in the text itself?  Remember,
that's the first criteria we must examine.
 
DB...
"This included:
 
    "The Biblical Knowledge Commentary" by Woodward and Zuck"
 
MY REPLY...
Which I own.  It's a good source of commentary info.  But not inerrant.
 
DB...
    "The Interpreters on Volume Commentary on the Bible" by Laydon
    "The one volume Bible Commentary" by J R Dunelow
    "Word meanings of the Testament" Ralph Earl
    "The Abingdon Bible Commentary" published by Abingdon
    "Harpers Bible Commentary" by William Neal
     (Actually I could have presented many more as well)
 
MY REPLY...
I appreciate your doing this research, Dave.  Maybe we are getting somewhere
in how we both should approach these alleged contradictions - more in depth
study.
 
DB...
"In each case, these references specifically describe that the interpretation
of Matt 27:5 as successful, suicide and thus I can only conclude that the
                                        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Greek word "apagchw"(ie: hang oneself) is translated as a successful hanging."
 
MY REPLY...
[^^^ above, mine]
No you can't only conclude this, although, as Tony says, this was a highly
probable outcome.  But Matthew does not state death as being a result.
 
The Greek word is APAGCHO.  Matthew 27:5 is it's only occurrence in the New
Testament.
 
In the Septuagint (the Greek translation of the OT used at the time of Jesus),
it's only used in 2 Samuel 17:23 : "Now when Ahithophel saw that his advice was
not followed, he saddled a donkey, and arose and went home to his house, to his
city. Then he put his household in order, and hanged himself, and died; and he
was buried in his father's tomb."             ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 
Notice that not only is it stated that Ahithophel "hanged himself" [Gr. Sept.,
APAGCHO], but it explicitly adds, "and died".  Here we have no doubt of the
result.
In Matthew, we are not explicitly told Judas died.
 
Also, there is nothing in the Greek to suggest success or failure.  It simply
means "hang oneself".
 
DB...
"But Mr DeCenso, you are more than welcome to disagree and show more reputable
                                                                     ^^^^^^^^^
Christian scholars that insist that the hanging was not successful."
 
MY REPLY...
[^^^above, mine]
"Reputable"?  You mean ones that have never erred?
As far as   insisting that the hanging was unsuccessful, that can't be done,
even by me. ^^^^^^^^^
 
As I said in an earlier post...
 
_____________________________________________________________________
Although I still agree with Tony's exegesis as being the most probable
explanation regarding Judas' death (taking into account several criteria),
I've recently noticed some new things in Matthew.
 
MAT 27:5-8 Then he threw down the pieces of silver in the temple and departed,
and went and hanged himself. But the chief priests took the silver pieces and
said, "It is not lawful to put them into the treasury, because they are the
price of blood." And they consulted together and bought with them the potter's
field, to bury strangers in. Therefore that field has been called the Field of
Blood to this day.
 
First of all, notice that the text does not say that Judas died as a result of
hanging. All it says is that he "went and hanged himself." Luke however, in
Acts, tells us that "and falling headlong, he burst open in the middle and all
his entrails gushed out." This is a pretty clear indication (along with the
other details given in Acts - Peter's speech, the need to pick a new apostle,
etc.) that at least after Judas' fall, he was dead. So the whole concept that
                                                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Matthew and Luke both recount Judas' death is highly probable, but not clear
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
cut.
^^^
_____________________________________________________________________
 
I also wrote...
 
_____________________________________________________________________
MY REPLY...
 
Here we have a stickler, Dave, that I have to say I just recently noticed.
Let's look at the passage in Matthew:
 
MAT 27:4 saying, "I have sinned by betraying innocent blood." And they said,
"What is that to us? You see to it!"
 
MAT 27:5 Then he threw down the pieces of silver in the temple and departed,
and went and hanged himself.
 
MAT 27:6 But the chief priests took the silver pieces and said, "It is not
lawful to put them into the treasury, because they are the price of blood."
 
MAT 27:7 And they consulted together and bought with them the potter's field,
to bury strangers in.
 
MAT 27:8 Therefore that field has been called the Field of Blood to this day.
 
Notice verse 5..."Then he...went and hanged himself."
Matthew does not say Judas died, does it?  Should we assume he died as a
result of the hanging?                     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
What does Acts say?
ACT 1:18 (Now this man purchased a field with the wages of iniquity; and
falling headlong, he burst open in the middle and all his entrails gushed out.
 
ACT 1:20 "For it is written in the book of Psalms: 'Let his dwelling place be
desolate, And let no one live in it'; and, 'Let another take his office.'
 
Here we may have a graphic explanation of Judas' death....So, my line of
reasoning to dispel your contradiction myth re:the "two" accounts of Judas'
death is this...Matthew doesn't necessarily explain how Judas died; he does
                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
say Judas "hanged himself", but he didn't specifically say Judas died in the
hanging incident.               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
However, Acts seems to show us his graphic demise.  Therefore, there is no
contradiction between Matthew and Acts re: Judas' `death'.
 
.......
 
MY REPLY...
...we do know from Matthew that he did hang himself and Acts probably records
his death.  Although it's possible and plausible that he fell from the hanging
and hit some rocks, thereby bursting open, I can no longer assume that to be
the case.  Therefore, no contradiction.  Matthew did not say Judas died as a
                                         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
result of the hanging, did he?  Most scholars believe he probably did, but...?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
______________________________________________________________________
 
I quoted all that to show that I highly regard the scholars' explanations, but
in looking at the texts initially, we can't assume Judas died.  It is, however,
highly probable.                            ^^^^^^
 
DB...
"By the way, while all agree that Judas died from the hanging, the books had
different ways of dealing with the contradiction we are discussing.  One
simply ignored it entirely and simply referred back to Matthew's version as
the correct version in both Matt and Acts.  "The Biblical Knowledge Commentary"
suggested the hypotheses that Judas hung and then when he rotted, his belly
exploded (which doesn't explain his headlong fall), or that his branch or rope
broke, and he fell to his death and his gut gushed out (which doesn't explain
how a hanging man, would fall headlong rather than feet first)."
 
MY REPLY...
The outcome of any fall is dependent upon many factors...how high the person
was suspended before the fall, any obstructions such as tree branches that may
have deviated the fall, how steep an incline of rocky surfaces the victim fell
upon, thus possibly rolling or bouncing of several rocks, etc.  In a
superficial examination of the Acts passage and the Matthew passage, we are not
given a lot of info on the geographical specifics, but Tony in the above quoted
post gave us some...
 
_____________________________________________________________________
A possible reconstruction would be this: Judas hanged himself on a tree on the
edge of a precipice that overlooked the valley of Hinnom. After he hung there
for some time, the limb of the tree snapped or the rope gave way and Judas
fell down the ledge, mangling his body in the process.
The fall could have been before *or* after death as either would fit this
explanation. This possibility is entirely natural when the terrain of the
valley of Hinnom is examined.  From the bottom of the valley, you can see
rocky terraces 25 to 40 feet in height and almost perpendicular.
There are still trees around the ledges and a rocky pavement at the bottom.
Therefore, it is easy to conclude that Judas struck one of the jagged rocks on
this way down, tearing his body open.
_____________________________________________________________________
 
DB...
Now truthfully, I do not see what is comforting about Matthew confusing the
source of the Potter's field prophesy, but on the other hand the author is
correct: Matthew does make that confusion.  Of course a Biblical inerrantist
who claim that every word of the Bible is guaranteed true by God, will have to
thereby add one more contradiction to the death of Judas (ie: where the
prophesy of the Potter's field came from)."
 
MY REPLY...
Please, when we are done with this study on his death, remind me to discuss
this with you.
 
DB...
As to your second question Mr DeCenso, you ask how we could be sure that the
money with which Judas purchased the land, was indeed for the betrayal, rather
than some other source.  I would point out that in Acts, where it specifically
mention "the reward of iniquity" [Acts 1:18], it also specifically mentions
what act of iniquity they were talking about (ie: Acts 1:16 "...concerning
Judas who was guide to those who arrested Jesus.").  Now I would point out
that when the Bible describes an act of "iniquity," and then immediately
discusses "*the* reward of iniquity," it would be rather inane to suggest that
it was an action of iniquity other than the one discussed."
 
MY REPLY...
Dave, we are getting somewhere, aren't we!
 
ACT 1:15 And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples
(altogether the number of names was about a hundred and twenty), and said,
ACT 1:16 "Men and brethren, this Scripture had to be fulfilled, which the Holy
Spirit spoke before by the mouth of David concerning Judas, who became a guide
to those who arrested Jesus;
ACT 1:17 "for he was numbered with us and obtained a part in this ministry."
ACT 1:18 (Now this man purchased a field with the wages of iniquity; and
falling headlong, he burst open in the middle and all his entrails gushed out.
ACT 1:19 And it became known to all those dwelling in Jerusalem; so that field
is called in their own language, Akel Dama, that is, Field of Blood.)
ACT 1:20 "For it is written in the book of Psalms: 'Let his dwelling place be
desolate, And let no one live in it'; and, 'Let another take his office.'
 
Notice that in verse 16, the word "iniquity" is not used.  Rather, it states
that Judas "became a guide to those who arrested Jesus".
But the writer DID NOT stop there...vs. 17, "for he was numbered with us and
obtained a part in this ministry."  What part did Judas play in their ministry?
         ^^^^^^
JOH 12:6 This he said, not that he cared for the poor, but because he was a
thief, and had the money box; and he used to take what was put in it.
JOH 13:29 For some thought, because Judas had the money box, that Jesus had
said to him, "Buy those things we need for the feast," or that he should give
something to the poor.
 
So, now we know what part Judas played - he was a treasurer, per se.
Right after Peter stated that Judas played a part in this ministry (treasurer,
according to John), THEN Luke adds the parenthetical explanation of "wages of
iniquity" - money that should have been put into the ministry, but was stolen
by Judas to purchase a field.  I believe this is a better exegetical
explanation of what the "wages of iniquity" are.  What do you think, Dave?
 
DB...
"Now since I have given you clear answers (and even references), perhaps you
could unequivocally state what type of inerrantist you are (instead of asking
me what type I think you are, as you did to Mr Joslin)."
 
MY REPLY...
I will gladly admit that I am a Complete Inerrantist, although I do not have
that big a problem with the Limited Inerrancy view.

Frank
****************************   SPHINX   ***************************

	Sphinx is a user-friendly, state-of-the-art image processing
and analysis package that runs across a spectrum of high performance 
computer platforms operating UNIX and the X-Window System.

	It was created to meet to the daily research needs of scientists 
conducting climate investigations using satellite data and remote
sensing techniques. 

		   Intuitive Graphic Interface

	Sphinx features an interactive interface with pop-up menus and 
point-and-click dialog boxes which makes image processing and
analysis simple and fast.
	This accessible menuing enables you to build attractive image 
layouts quickly while also providing you the flexibility of returning
to the main menu to conduct other image analysis and processing operations.

		    Image Format Compatibility

	Using smart read/write functions, Sphinx allows you to easily open
and save image files in a variety of formats using bit, integer or real
data values.  Sphinx also reads and writes the common TIFF and GIF formats
as well as compresses and decompresses image formats to save disk space.

		    Image Analysis & Processing

	For image and pixel analysis, the Sphinx package includes an
assortment of processing tools that perform useful statistical and 
mathematical filtering operations, such as Fourier transforms, convolution 
product or principal component analyses.
An interactive interpreter for both algebraic equations and images allows
the user to manipulate and combine individual data channels interactively.
Standard FORTRAN notation is used for formula entry and for trig
onometric and transcendental functions.

		    Satellite Spectra & Orbit Analysis

	Sphinx possesses functions to simulate satellite signal sensitivity
for various meteorological satellites (e.g., GOES, METEOSAT, NOAA, Spot etc.).
The simulations are conducted for a selection of standard atmospheric and
surface conditions and instrument spectral bands.
A geometry model computes the solar zenith angles, warping, orbit simulation,
and 3-D image projection.

		    Easy External Program Interfacing

	Sphinx allows users the flexibility to integrate externally
developed software algorithms for processing and converting satellite
observations.  Sphinx exports and imports image files and image parameters
to external programs using special interface functions.

		    Quick Quality Presentation

	Sphinx rapidly displays, manipulates, and enhances high-resolution
multispectral images and color tables.  Using six 8-bit 1024x1024 image
planes and one graphics plane, the package conveniently combines color images,
graphics and text to generate sharp digital images for articles and reports.
Sphinx's 2-D and 3-D graphics editor provides complete flexibility for modifying
and integrating vector graphics and analysis plots with images, such as 
histograms and radial graphs.  The package supplies color and gray scale
output for standard inkjet and laser printers.
	Other Capabilities Sphinx also performs image animation, external 
graphics importing, mosaic fitting... what else?

		    Software Support & Development

	 Sphinx was developed at the Laboratoire d'Optique Atmospherique (LOA)
 of the Universite de Lille, France.
The package has received critical feedback and support from scientists at
the French national laboratory, Centre National de Recherche Scientifique (CNRS),
and the French space agency, Centre National d'Etudes Spatiales (CNES).
At LOA, Sphinx undergoes continued refinement and development to meet changing
research needs and advances in computer technology.  The package, which features
on-line help, is supported by an Internet address

 sphinx@loasil.citilille.fr through which questions can be answered and
 version updates provided without delay.

		    Performance Tested

 	CNES has selected Sphinx to analyze and process the satellite data 
collected during the upcoming ADEOS/POLDER satellite mission.  Today,
the Sphinx package is in use at the NASA - Goddard Space Flight Center
and is widely used in many French laboratories, including
the Centre de Recherche en Physique de l'Environnement, Ecole Normale Superieure ,
Laboratoire d' Etudes et de Recherches en Teledetection Spatiale,  Laboratoire 
de Meteorologie Dynamique.


   A TEST VERSION OF SPHINX IS AVAILABLE AT loasil.citilille.fr
   (134.206.50.4) anonymous (bin : cd SPHINX : get ALL_SPHINX.tar.Z)

   IN THE TEST VERSION THE OUTPUT FILES ARE DISABLE. HOWEVER THE
   VISUALISATION AND GRAPHIC FUNCTIONS ARE AVAILABLE. THIS IS
   SUFFICIENT TO WORK WITH.

   IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN KEEPING "SPHINX", SEND US YOUR EMAIL
   AND YOU WILL RECEIVE NEWS ABOUT THE PACKAGE EVOLUTION.
Afraid I can't give any more info on this.. and hoping someone in greter
NETLAND has some details.

A short story in the newspaper a few days ago made some sort of mention
about how the Japanese, using what sounded like a gravity assist, had just
managed to crash (or crash-land) a package on the moon.

the article was very vague and unclear.  and, to make matters worse, I
didn't clip it.

does this jog anyone's memory?



blechhhh.  Gimme that ole' time Inquisition ...


It figures, doesn't it?

Any lunar satellite needs fuel to do regular orbit corrections, and when
its fuel runs out it will crash within months.  The orbits of the Apollo
motherships changed noticeably during lunar missions lasting only a few
days.  It is *possible* that there are stable orbits here and there --
the Moon's gravitational field is poorly mapped -- but we know of none.

Perturbations from Sun and Earth are relatively minor issues at low
altitudes.  The big problem is that the Moon's own gravitational field
is quite lumpy due to the irregular distribution of mass within the Moon.

This deserves framing.  It really does.  "[Atoms] aren't even real."

Tell me then, those atoms we have seen with electron microscopes are
atoms now, so what are they?  Figments of our imaginations?  The
evidence that atoms are real is overwhelming, but I won't bother with
most evidence at the moment.




Just out of curiousity, how old is Worden?
--
_______________________________________________________________________________
The SDIO has "contracted" with the NRL (Naval Research Laboratory) to fly the Clementine Mission.  BTW we call it DSPSE (Deep Space Project Science Experiment).

The NRL is building the spacecraft, designing the detailed mission and doing the
integration and operations (with help from, JPL & Goddard & prob. some folks I
have left out...don't be mad).

I am on the TAMP (Trajectory Analysis & Mission Planning) team and am responsable
for the IV&V of the traj that Goddard/CSC are designing.

As for why SDIO is doing it, some of the reasons are:

   1)  the safety constraints are too tight to try to run the LIDAR in LEO

   2)  in LEO we don't get any new radiation data on the sensors, we will get
       that data on our 9 passages through the Van Allen (sp?) Belts

   3)  since we are going out there...why not piggy-back some general science

   4)  the intercept problem is a lot easied over LONG distances and LONG times

I am sure there are some things I have forgotten, and some I haven't been told
but, those are the reasons we all talk about.

-- 




They have a few problems. The biggest technical problem is the need to find
two satellites going to the same rough orbit for a luanch.

They also don't show much interest in commercial launches. There is more
money to be made churning out Titan IV's for the government. After all,
it isn't every day you find a sucker, er, customer who thinks paying
three times the commercial rate for launch services is a good idea!

  Allen

: 
: Can you please point to something, anything, that proves to me that
: the universe cannot possibly be explained without accepting as a fact
: the existence of a god in precisely the way your holy book describes?
: 
: Can you please convince me that your religion is more than a very
: cleverly-constructed fable, and that it does indeed have some bearing
: on my own personal day-to-day life?

Would you consider the word of an eye-witness (Peter) to testify to the
events surrounding Jesus' life?


 2Pe 1 16  We did not follow cleverly invented stories when we told you
 about the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but we were 
 eyewitnesses of his majesty.

 2Pe 1 17 For he received honor and glory from God the Father when the
 voice came to him from the Majestic Glory, saying, "This is my Son, whom 
 I love; with him I am well pleased."

 2Pe 1 18 We ourselves heard this voice that came from heaven when we
 were with him on the sacred mountain.

 2Pe 1 19  And we have the word of the prophets made more certain, and
 you will do well to pay attention to it, as to a light shining in a dark
 place, until the day dawns and the morning star rises in your hearts.

This is a documented testimony. Perhaps further research on your part is
warranted before making more statements. There is considerably more to study
in Peters' two books of testimony regarding the Messiah. It is well worth 
your time, Mr. Brian.
(Well, I'll email also, but this may apply to other people, so
I'll post also.)



Your boss should be the person bring these problems to.  If he/she
does not seem to take any action, keep going up higher and higher.
Sexual harrassment does not need to be tolerated, and it can be an
enormous emotional support to discuss this with someone and know that
they are trying to do something about it.  If you feel you can not
discuss this with your boss, perhaps your company has a personnel
department that can work for you while preserving your privacy.  Most
companies will want to deal with this problem because constant anxiety
does seriously affect how effectively employees do their jobs.

It is unclear from your letter if you have done this or not.  It is
not inconceivable that management remains ignorant of employee
problems/strife even after eight years (it's a miracle if they do
notice).  Perhaps your manager did not bring to the attention of
higher ups?  If the company indeed does seem to want to ignore the
entire problem, there may be a state agency willing to fight with
you.  (check with a lawyer, a women's resource center, etc to find out)

You may also want to discuss this with your paster, priest, husband,
etc.  That is, someone you know will not be judgemental and that is
supportive, comforting, etc.  This will bring a lot of healing.


This happens to a lot of people.  Honest.  I believe it may seem
to be due to gross insensitivity because of the feelings you are
going through.  People in offices tend to be more insensitive while
working than they normally are (maybe it's the hustle or stress or...)
I've had this happen to me a lot, often because they didn't realize
my car was broken, etc.  Then they will come back and wonder why I
didn't want to go (this would tend to make me stop being angry at
being ignored and make me laugh).  Once, we went off without our
boss, who was paying for the lunch :-)


Well, if you can't turn to the computer for support, what would
we do?  (signs of the computer age :-)

In closing, please don't let the hateful actions of a single person
harm you.  They are doing it because they are still the playground
bully and enjoy seeing the hurt they cause.  And you should not
accept the opinions of an imbecile that you are worthless - much
wiser people hold you in great esteem.

One rule of thumb is that if a person is making the claim, they are
wrong.  I was just reading John 14 this morning (I think that is the
right chapter, anyway it is close and I don't have a Bible at work to
check with.) and in it Jesus is talking to his disciples about his
impending death and he says that he will be going away and then later
he will be with them.  He said something along the lines of "I will
be in you and you will be in me."  (Again I cannot provide the exact
quote or citation.)  Anyway, my understanding of this is that
the Second Coming will not be an outward event.  It is an inward
event, Christ will come to live in our hearts and we will live in him.
If you look for a person you will be deceived.

It seems to me that the Jews had been looking for a Messiah that would
be a political or military leader and so didn't recognize Jesus when
he came.  Jesus tried to show that his Kingdom was not of this earth.
A lot of what I have seen written about the Second Coming seems to
based on an expectation of Christ coming back and finally taking over
the world and running it the way it should be.  It sounds a lot like
what the Jews were looking for.  The First Coming wasn't like that and
I see no reason for the Second Coming to be like that either.

Oh and by the way, I don't expect it to happen once.  There is no one
Second Coming, there are a lot of little ones.  Every time Christ
comes into someones heart, Christ has come again.

Peace,
Will.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 


I think I can. Largely as a result of efforts by people reading this group
writing letters and making phone calls the following has happened:

1. NASA reprogrammed funds to keep NASP alive in 1991.
2. Efforts to kill DC-X and the SSRT progam where twice twarted
   (Feb. and June of last year).
3. Gouldin kept his job in spite of heavy lobbying against him.

This may not be what Mark was thinking of but it shows that the
readers of sci.space DO have power and influence.

  Allen


Great! I'll visit the National Air and Space Museum at the end of the
month with my wife, who was also working at General Atomic at the time.
Once again netnews has enriched my life.
From article <1993Apr21.013846.1374@cx5.com>, by tlc@cx5.com:

According to my ColoRIX manual .SCF files are 640x480x256


You may try VPIC, I think it handles the 256 color RIX files OK..


The interesting notion is that (I watched TV tonight) Koresh never
claimed officially to be Jesus Christ. His believers hoped that 
he would be, but he never took this standpoint himself.

He was more interested in breaking the seven seals of Revelation,
and make sure that Armageddon would start. Well it did, and 19
children died, and no God saved them.

Kent


I'd be happy to US (international) Snail mail technical information on
imaging databases to anyone who needs it, if you can provide me with your
address for hard copy (not Email).  We're focusing mostly on Open PACE,
Oracle, Ingres, Adabas, Sybase, and Gupta, regarding our imaging
databases installed.  (We have over 1,000 installed and in production now;
most of the new ones going in are on Novell LANs, the RS/6000, and now HP
Unix workstations.)  We work with Visual Basic too.
I've been thinking about the idea that was raised (by Michael Covington, 
I think) that words mean what we think they mean, regardless of 
etymology.  I've been reflecting on what certain words meant in my 
childhood and tracing how this shaped some of my attitudes. 

I grew up in a home where Christ was a bad word.  People who were very 
angry said it.  The word Christian meant someone who was not a Jew.  It 
carried connotations of otherness, of threat, of enemy.  It took some 
time to figure out that there was a connection between `Christ' and 
`Christian'.  When I accepted Jesus, I expected to be disowned.  To 
become a Christian meant to join the enemy.  I knew others would 
consider me a traitor.  At some level, I agreed, but was still prepared 
to pay this price.  Like Esau, I sold my birthright.  However, I made a 
better bargain.  He only got some stew, but I got the incomparable 
riches of knowing Christ.

As it turned out, my parents did not disown me.  I found out later that 
they were hoping it was a phase that I would grow out of.  By the time 
they had decided it wasn't a phase, they were sort of used to it.  They 
didn't disown me but they didn't completely accept the situation either.  
For example, they didn't come to my wedding because it was in a church.   
When I visited my grandmother in the hospital a few days before her 
death, she said to me, "As far as I'm concerned, you still are a Jew." 
What she meant was that she loved me and forgave me.  But I am not a 
Jew.  I am a Christian.  (I'll concede, one that likes chicken soup with 
matzoh balls.:-)) 

I do not keep kosher.  I do not celebrate the Sabbath on Saturday.  My 
sons are not circumcised.  But these things are true of some people who 
do consider themselves Jews.  It is not these rules that make people 
Jews; it is the heritage from the past.  I gave up the past.

This is why I find it hard to relate to Messianic Jews.  Their 
experience is unlike mine.  They still consider themselves Jews while 
following Jesus.  Some would even say that I *must* do so, too.  

I am at a stage of my life now where I would like to have a heritage.  
It was not something I valued very much when I gave it.  But I did have 
a sense that I was giving it for God.  It may have been a small 
sacrifice.  It may have been an unnecessary sacrifice.  But I gave it 
and do not want to ask for it back.

And while I don't have the heritage I was born with, I do have another.  
I am an outcast from the house of Israel, but I am a member of the 
Church.  One of the things I like about being a Catholic Christian is 
that it is rich in tradition.  It gives me a feeling of, once again, 
being rooted in the past. 

This is probably one of the reasons why I don't like it when people mess 
around with Christian traditions (for example, changing the name of 
Easter).  These traditions fill an important emotional need of mine.

I suppose the point of all this is that people shouldn't assume that all 
believers of Jewish background are the same.  For some `Jewish 
Christian' is a good name, for others it is an oxymoron. 

This sounds like another of Ali AbuTaha's 57 different "real causes" of
the Challenger accident.  As far as I know, there has never been the
slightest shred of evidence for a "harmonic resonance" having occurred.

The windshear-induced maneuvering probably *did* contribute to opening
up the leak path in the SRB joint again -- it seems to have sealed itself
after the puffs of smoke during liftoff -- but the existing explanation
of this and related events seems to account for the evidence adequately.
Hi, can anyone direct me to map type gifs? 

I am interesting in cartography and would find
these gifs useful.

tia,



The "so sacred it's secret" explanation is a bit misleading.  While
there is a profound reverence for the temple endowment, there is no
injunction against discussing the ceremony itself in public.  But
since public discussion is often irreverent, most Mormons would rather
keep silent than have a cherished practice maligned.

But there are certain elements of the ceremony which participants
explicitly covenant not to reveal except in conjunction with the
ceremony itself.


There are other interpretations to Christian history in this matter.
One must recall that most of what we know about the Gnostics was
written by their enemies.  Eusebius claims that Jesus imparted secret
information to Peter, James, and John after His resurrection, and that
those apostles transmitted that information to the rest of the Twelve
(Eusebius, _Historia Ecclesiastica_ II 1:3-4).

Irenaeus claims this information was passed on to the priests and
bishops (_Against Heresies_ IV 33:8), but Eusebius disagrees.  He
claims the secret ceremonies of the Christian church perished with the
apostles.  Interestingly enough, Eusebius refers to the groups which
we today call Gnostics as promulgators of a false gnosis (Eusebius,
op. cit., III, 32:7-8).  His gripe was not that thay professed *a*
gnosis, but that they had the *wrong* one.

Writings dealing with Jesus' post-resurrection teachings emphasize
secrecy -- not so much a concealment as a policy of not teaching
certain things indiscriminately.  In one story, Simon Magus opens a
dialog with Peter on the nature of God.  Peter's response is "You seem
to me not to know what a father and a God is: But I could tell you
both whence souls are, and when and how they were made; but it is not
permitted to me now to disclose these things to you" (_Clementine
Recognitions_ II, 60).  If any one theme underlies the _Recognitions_
it is the idea that certain doctrines are not to be idly taught, but
can be had after a certain level of spiritual maturity is reached.

Now one can approach this and other such evidence in many ways.  I
don't intend that everyone interpret Christian history as I do, but I
believe that evidence exists (favorably interpreted, of course) of
early Christian rites analogous to those practiced by Mormons today.


But if Judaism and Christianity had such ceremonies, would you expect
to read about them in public documents?  One can search the Book of
Mormon and other Mormon scripture and find almost no information on
temple worship.  Yes, you could establish that Mormons worship in
temples, but you would probably be hard pressed to characterize that
worship.  On that basis, can we conclude that the Bible explains *all*
practices which might have taken place, and that absence of such
descriptions proves they did not exist?

Mormon scholar Dr. Hugh Nibley offers us a list of scriptures from
which I have taken a few:

1. "It is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of
heaven, but to them it is not given" (Matt. 13:11).

2. "All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given"
(Matt. 19:11).

3. "I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them
now" (John 16:12).

4. "The time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs,
but I shall shew you plainly of the Father" (John 16:25).

5. "... unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a man to utter"
(1 Cor. 3:1-2).

6. "Many things ... I would not write with paper and ink; but I ...
come unto you and speak face to face" (2 Jn. 1:12).

(Nibley, _Since Cumorah_, pp. 92-94)

Again, these can also be interpreted many different ways.  I believe
they serve to show that not all doctrines which could have been taught
were actually taught openly.


Historically, Joseph Smith had been adiministering the temple
endowment ceremony for nearly a year before joining the Freemasons.
There is diary evidence which supports a claim that the rite did not
change after Smith became a Mason.  It can be argued that Smith had
ample exposure to Masonic proceedings through the burlesque of his
time and through his brother Hyrum (a Mason), though no specific
connection has yet been established.

My conversations with Masons (with respect to temple rite
transcriptions which have appeared on the net) have led me to believe
that the connection from Masonry to Mormonism is fairly tenuous.  As
our moderator notes, most of what was similar was removed in the
recent revisions to the temple ceremony.  I believe that critics who
charge that Mormon rites were lifted from Freemasonry do not have
adequate knowledge of the rites in question.
-- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Jay Windley  *  University of Utah  *  Salt Lake City
                    jwindley@asylum.cs.utah.edu


Why would you want to do that? The goal is to do it cheaper (remember,
this isn't government). Instead of leasing an expensive launch pad,
just use a SSTO and launch from a much cheaper facility.

  Allen

  I found it very interesting that Atlas depended on pressure to
maintain tank geometry....leads me to the question: ? have any 
of the SSTO concepts explored pressurized tankage such that the
launch configuration would be significantly different from the
reentry one?  I have long been facinated by pnumatic structures
as conceived and built by Frei Otto and others, a "ballon" tank
SSTO sounds very clever. 


Okay, I'll bite. I should probably leave this alone, but what the heck...


But didn't he credit the actual flag design to a party member - some dentist or
other? I believe he gives such credit in Mein Kampf.


Well, I'm no expert, but all of the histories of Nazi Germany assert this. They
make reference to several scandals that occurred long before "the night of the
long knives". The impression that I got was that homosexuality in portions of
the SA was common knowledge. Also, a book (by a homosexual author whose name
escapes me at the moment) called "Homosexuals in History" asserts that Roehm
and Heines were homosexuals, as well as others in Roehm's SA circle.


Well, you're the one who is in Germany. If you don't believe the history books,
look up the primary sources yourself. Those of us outside of Germany do not
have access to these. You do. It seems to me that there were plenty of
documented instances - several scandals, the fact that on the "knight of the
long knives" several SA members (including Heines) were found sleeping
together, etc. Also I believe some people were complaining about the SA's
homosexual activities (seducing young boys, etc). The histories that I've 
read make a very convincing case. None of this sounds like urban legend to me. 


I know next to nothing about Irving and nothing about Funk. What precisely do
you know, that would contradict all of the other history books that I have
read concerning the existence of homosexual Nazis? Are you trying to say that 
all historians are taking part in an anti-homosexual smear? What about 
homosexual writers who agree with the official history? Don't you think they 
would have found out the truth by now if Roehm and Heines were not homosexuals?
I would think they would want to disassociate homosexuality from Nazism. No one 
should use any connection between the two to bash homosexuals in any case. 


If you are going to challenge *all* historians on this point (not just Irving),
then the burden of proof is on you. Track down the references. Find out where
the stories originate from. Again, you are the one in Germany, close to
archival material - most people on the net are not.


Eh? What is your agenda here? To prove that the Nazis were heterosexuals, so
that you can bash heterosexuals? Does it bother you that some of the Nazis
might have been homosexuals? Does this make all homosexuals bad if this is
true? Of course not. And what about bisexuals? Are they half-Nazis?

I don't know why it would be so difficult to believe that some Nazis were
homosexuals. The German officer corps before WW1, for instance, was notorious
for its homosexuality. There were numerous scandals which rocked the German
govt. during the late 19th and early 20th century. Many of the Kaiser's friends
were prosecuted - the Kaiser was no homosexual, but the Germany army had a long
tradition of tolerating homosexuality, going far back into Prussian history -
back to Frederick the Great at least, who was himself a homosexual. Roehm was a 
product of this Prussian officer tradition, and the old German army (like the
English public school system), being a well known center of homosexuality,
would have been quite willing to overlook Roehm's homosexuality.

In addition, some Nazis complained of homosexuality in the Hitler Youth. The
Hitler Youth swallowed up all pre-Nazi youth groups, and some of the various 
pre-war Vandervogel, Bund, and Volkish youth groups were known to promote 
homoerotic ideals and friendship, and in many cases, homosexuality itself. So 
it seems to me not unlikely that there were plenty of homosexual Nazis, 
regardless of the official Nazi dogmas concerning the "evils" of homosexuality.
Why should this suprise anyone? Homosexuality has always existed, in all 
societies - it would be most unusual if the Nazis were an exception.

No, I don't have any sources for you, as I think the only kind of proof you
will accept would be citations from archival material, and I do not have access 
to these. Nor do I intend to reread every book on the Nazis and on modern
homosexuality that I have ever read - I don't have the time. Nothing is
stopping you, however, from chasing down those sources. Until you prove
otherwise, though, I will stick with the established histories.

Sure, why not? But, are you using Paul to correct the words of Jesus?


"So *anyone* who dissolves even one of the smallest commands and teaches
others the same way, will be known as the lowest in the kingdom of the
skies; whereas *anyone* who keeps the commands and teaches them too, will
be known as *someone* great in the kingdom of the skies." Mat5:19 (Gaus)

Are you an "anyone" or are you a "no one?"

Why not assume, that since Jesus didn't say that his words apply only to
Jews, that they apply to all human beings, irregardless of race or sex?

Why not assume, that even though Jesus did not mention your name, still
Jesus was talking directly to you?


Does it say that it applies to *you*? Are you anyone or no one?


Ex20:8-11(JPS) Remember the sabbath day and keep it holy. Six days you
shall labor and do all your work, but the seventh day is a sabbath of
the LORD your God; you shall not do any work - you, your son or
daughter, your male or female slave, or your cattle, or the stranger who
is within your settlements. For in six days the LORD made heaven and
earth and sea, and all that is in them, and He rested on the seventh
day; therefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day and hollowed it.

Note: There is no specific requirement for worship here, however I for
one would not be so bold as to call these verses a "ceremonial detail."


Don't many Christians still practice circumcision?


It's unfortunate that Jesus didn't use your name directly, or maybe
Jesus did? Are you somebody or nobody?


If you don't see a problem, then perhaps there is none. As Paul closes
Romans 14 (Gaus):

  In short, pursue the ends of peace and of building each other up.
Don't let dietary considerations undo the work of God. Everything may be
clean, but it's evil for the person who eats it in an offensive spirit.
Better not to eat the meat or drink the wine or whatever else your
brother is offended by. As for the faith that you have, keep that
between yourself and God. The person is in luck who doesn't condemn
himself for what he samples. On the other hand, the person with doubts
about something who eats it anyway is guilty, because he isn't acting on
his faith, and any failure to act on faith is a sin.

Where does it say in the bible that Christians are supposed to persecute
Jews?  Isn't it love your enemies instead?  They may say they are "Christian"
but do their actions speak differently?  Do you believe what everyone tells
you?  I don't.  I came to believe in God by my own investigation and conclusions.
And ultimately by my own choice.  Salvation, however, was granted only through
the grace of God.


To be a Christian is to model oneself after Jesus Christ as implied by the
very name Christian.  If you say you believe in your head but do not feel in
your heart, what does that say of your belief?


White supremists and Neo-Nazis are NOT any brand of Christian.

"If you hate your whom you can see then how can you love God whom you cannot
 see?"

What does this belief entail?  Believing in Christ and having your sins
forgiven in His name does NOT give a Christian a free licence to sin.  To
repent of a sin is to ask forgiveness of that sin and TRY NOT to do it
again.  I am a Christian, but if you lump me in with racists and accuse me
of being such, then are you not pre-judging me?  BTW, I am of Chinese racial
background and I know what it is to be part of a visible minority in this
country.  I don't think that I would be favourably looked upon by these
White supremist "Christians" as you call them.

Anyone can say what they believe, but if they don't practice what they preach,
then their belief is false.  Do you concur?
 

Nazis and racists in general are the ones that come to my immediate attention.
What I believe is that such people may be using the bible to mask their racial
intolerance and bigotry.  They can do as they do and hide behind Christianity
but I tell you that Jesus would have nothing to do with them.


No arguement there.


The only point I'm trying to make is that those who call themselves Christian
may not be Christian.  I ask that you draw your own conclusions by what they
do and what they say.  If they are not modelled after the example of Jesus
Christ then they are NOT Christian.  If they have not repented of their sins
and accepted Jesus Christ as their personal Lord and Saviour then they are 
NOT Christian.  These are the only criteria to being a Christian.

May God be with you,
ddavis@cass.ma02.bull.com (Dave Davis)

 	II. The deuterocanonicals are not in the canon because
 		they are not quoted by the NT authors.

That is not quite accurate.  Otherwise we would have the book
of Enoch in the canon (as Dave noted).  One can say that the 
apocrypha are not quoted by Christ.  


III. The deuterocanonicals are not in the canon because
 		they teach doctrines contrary to the (uncontroverted)
 		parts of the canon.
 
 	then I answer: 
 		These is a logically invalid *a priori*. 
 		Besides, we are talking about OT texts- 
 		which in many parts are superceded by the NT
 		(in the Xtian view). Would not this same
 		principle exclude _Ecclesiastes_?
 		This principle cannot be consistently applied.
 
I have to reject your argument here.  The Spirit speaks with one
voice, and he does not contradict himself.  

The ultimate test of canonicity is whether the words are inspired
by the Spirit, i.e., God-breathed.  It is a test which is more
guided by faith than by reason or logic.  The early church decided
that the Apocrypha did not meet this test--even though some books
such as The Wisdom of Ben Sirach have their uses.  For example,
the Lutheran hymn "Now Thank We All Our God" quotes a passage
from this book.

The deutero-canonical books were added much later in the church's
history.  They do not have the same spiritual quality as the
rest of Scripture.  I do not believe the church that added these
books was guided by the Spirit in so doing.  And that is where
this sort of discussion ultimately ends.
A very kind soul has mailed me this reply for the bugs in CView.
Since he isn't in the position to post this himself, he asked me to post
it for him, but to leave his name out. So here it comes:

CView has quite a number of bugs.  The one you mention is perhaps the most
annoying, but not the most dangerous.  As far as I can determine, it has to
do with the temp files that CView creates.  CView gives the user no control
over where it places its temp files: it just places them in its
"current directory".  The problem you mention occurs (as far as I can tell)
when it runs out of disk space for its temp files. It seems as if CView
doesn't check properly for this situation.  As Cview decodes a jpeg, it seems 
to write out a temp file with all the pixel data with 24 bit colour
information. Then, for 8 bit displays, it does the "dithering", again writing
another file with the 8 bit colour information.  While it is writing this
second file, it also writes the data to your colour card. Then when it does
the last chunk of 8 bit data, it recopies all the data from the 8 bit file to
your screen again.  (It does this last "recopy" operation for its
"fit to screen" feature, even when this feature is not enabled.)

 The result of this process is the following:
  
     1) If it runs out of disk space when writing the first 24 bit file, all
        you ever see is as much data as it has room for, and the last bit of
        data is simply repeated over and over again because CView never
        realizes the disk has filled up and disk writes/reads aren't performed.

     2) If it has enough room for the 24 bit data, but runs out of room for
        the 8 bit data, you see almost all of the picture as it does the
        dithering and writes to the screen card.
        However, then when it finishes the dithering and recopies the data
        from the 8 bit file to screen (for whatever reason it does this)
        one again just gets a repetition of the last chunk of data for which
        there was room on the disk.

This is just a guess, but probably fairly accurate.  At least the general
idea is on track I think, although I have probably made errors in details
about file I/O etc.  The way around this is  of course to clear up sufficient
disk space.  The temp files for large JPEG's (1200x900 and bigger) can be
very large (3 Meg + 1 Meg ).  On some of the largest I have needed in excess
of 6 Meg free disk space.


CView has a much more serious bug: if you are trying to display a file from
a floppy, and you change floppies while CView has some temp file open on the
floppy, then CView in certain circumstances will write the directory (and FAT
table? I can't remember) for the removed floppy onto the newly inserted
floppy, thus corruptimg the new floppy in a very serious, possibly
unrevcoverable way.  SO BE CAREFUL!  It is incredibly poor programming for a
program to do this.  On the other hand, when choosing files in the Open Files
menu, CView insists on doing a few disk reads every time one moves the
hi-lighter square.  Incredibly annoying when it could do them all at once
when it gets the directory info.  And really, how much effort does it take to
sort a directory listing?

Does ANYONE out there in Net-land have any information on the Cobra 2.20 
card?  The sticker on the end of the card reads
        Model: Cobra 1-B-1
        Bios:  Cobra v2.20

I Havn't been able to find anything about it from anyone!  If you have 
any information on how to get a hold of the company which produces the 
card or know where any drivers are for it, PLEASE let me know!

As far as I can tell, it's a CGA card that is taking up 2 of my 16-bit 
ISA slots but when I enable the test patterns, it displays much more than 
the usualy 4 CGA colors... At least 16 from what I can count.. Thanks!

              .------------------------------------------.
              : Internet: jele@eis.calstate.edu          :
              :           bbs.mirage@gilligan.tsoft.net  :
              :           bbs.mirage@tsoft.sf-bay.org    :
              :           mirage@thetech.com             :
              : UUCP    : apple.com!tsoft!bbs.mirage     :
              `------------------------------------------'
WGT is the WordUp Graphics Toolkit, designed by yours truly and my
co-programmer (and brother) Chris Egerter. It is a Turbo/Borland C++ graphics
library for programming in 320*200*256 VGA. We are currently producing it as
shareware, but in a few years it may be a commercial product (excuse typos,
there's no backspace on this terminal). Features include:

- loading and saving bit-images (called blocks from herein)
- flipping, resizing and warping blocks
- loading and saving palette, fading, several in memory at once
- graphics primitives such as line, circle, bar, rectangle
- region fill (not the usually useless floodfill)
- sprites (animated bitmaps), up to 200 onscreen at once
- joystick/mouse support
- SB support (VOC and CMF)
- tile-based game creation using 16*16 pixel tiles to create
  a 320*200 tile map (or game world) like in Duke Nuke 'Em
- number of sprites increased to 1000
- Professional Sprite Creator utility and Map Maker
-  routines to simplify scrolling games using maps, etc
- FLI playing routines, sprites can be animated over the FLI while playing
- PCX support, soon GIF
- EMS/XMS coming soon as well

Leave E-mail to Barry Egerter at    egerter@obelix.gaul.csd.uwo.ca

Files available on:      (use  mget wgt*.zip)

SIMTEL20 and mirrors                pd1:<msdos.turbo-c>

nic.funet.fi                        pub/msdos/games/programming

These laws written for the Israelites, God's chosen people whom God had
expressly set apart from the rest of the world.  The Israelites were a
direct witness to God's existence.  To disobey God after KNOWing that God
is real would be an outright denial of God and therefore immediately punishable.
Remember, these laws were written for a different time and applied only to 
God's chosen people.  But Jesus has changed all of that.  We are living in the
age of grace.  Sin is no longer immediately punishable by death.  There is
repentance and there is salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ.  And not just
for a few chosen people.  Salvation is available to everyone, Jew and Gentile
alike.

God be with you,




Omigod, it's an operationalist! Sorry, Jim, but the idea that a theory
explaining a myriad of distinctly different observations is merely a
"model" is more than sensible people can accept -- your phobia about
objective reality notwithstanding.
--
Mark Pundurs
Hello,
  I've been trying to bump map a gif onto a sphere for a while and I
can't seem to get it to work.  Image mapping works, but not bump
mapping.  Here's a simple file I was working with, could some kind
soul tell me whats wrong with this.....

#include "colors.inc"
#include "shapes.inc"
#include "textures.inc"
 
camera {
  location  <0 1 -3>
  direction <0 0 1.5>
  up        <0 1 0>
  right     <1.33 0 0>
  look_at   <0 1 2>
}
 
object { light_source { <2 4 -3> color White }
       }
 
object {
  sphere { <0 1 2> 1 }
   texture {
     bump_map { 1 <0 1 2> gif "surf.gif"}
   }
}

NOTE: surf.gif is a plasma fractal from Fractint that is using the
landscape palette map.

  
	Thanks in advance
	   -Daniel-
 

Naw, the owners of WordPerfect are Mormons, and by Tony Rose's
and Robert Weiss' standards, Mormons aren't Christians.  :-)

I agree with Carol here.  Determining absolutes is, practically speaking, a
waste of time.  And we easily forget that relative truth is, in fact relative.

For example, I recently was asking some children the question "What temperature
does water boil at?"  I got the answer 212 degrees consistently.  I asked
if they knew what scale, and was told "It's just 212 degrees.  Any scale.
That's what all thermometers say."  Well, that's sincere, and may be
true in the experience of the speaker, but it is simply wrong.  IT is NOT
an absolute truth.  Similarly, Scripture is full of Truth, which we should
nurture and cherish, but trying to determine which parts are Absolute Truth
and which parts are the manifestations of that in the context of the time
and culture in which the text was penned is missing the point.  Then religion
easily becomes an intellectual head-trip, devoid of the living experience of 
the indwelling Trinity and becomes dead scholasticism, IMO.
 
[example of head-covering in Church deleted]

This was a good example.  There may be an Absolute Truth behind the
writing, but the simplest understanding of the passage is that the
instructions apply to the Corinthians, and not necessarily elsewhere.
The instructions may reflect Absolute Truth in the context of first
century culture and the particular climate at Corinth, which was having
a LOT of trouble with order. Is it Absolute Truth to me?  No.  And I 
see no compelling, or even reasonable, reason that it should be.
 

Even the most die-hard literalists do not take all of the Bible literally.
I've yet to meet anyone who takes the verse "blessed is he who takes your
babies and smashes their heads against the rocks" literally.  The Bible
was not printed or handed to us by God with color codings to tell us
what parts should be interpreted which way. 
 

I agree.  Very few.  And even if we knew them, personally, we may not be 
able to express that in a way that still conveys Absolute Truth to another.
The presence of absence of Absolutes may not make any difference, since I
know I can never fully apprehend an Absolute if it walks up and greets me.

I can't prove the existence of absolutes.  I can only rely upon MY experience.
I also trust God's revelation that WE cannot fully comprehend the infinite.
Therefore we can't comprehend the Absolutes.  So I don't need them.  
I can never know the essence of God, only the energies by and through which
God is manifested to God's creation.  So the reality can be that there ARE
absolutes, but it is of no practical importance.  It's like claiming that the
original scriptural autographs were perfect, but copies may not be.  Swell.
Who cares?  It doesn't affect me in any practical useful way.  I might as 
well believe that God has made a lot of electric blue chickens, and that they
live on Mars.  Maybe God did.  So what? Is that going to have ANY effect on 
how I deal with my neighbor, or God?  Whether or not I go to this or that
cafeteria for lunch?  No.  

This attitude leads many non-Christians to believe that ALL Christians
are arrogant idiots incapable of critical reasoning.  Christianity is true,
wonderful and sensible.  It appeals to Reason, since Reason is an inner
reflection of the Logos of God.  Explanations that violate that simply
appear to be insecure authoritarian responses to a complex world.

NOTE:  I'm NOT claiming there is no place for authority. That'd be silly.
       There IS a world of difference between authoritative and authoritarian.
       Authoritative is en expression of authority that respects others.
       Authoritarian is en expression of authority that fails to do that,
       and is generally agressive.  Good parents (like God) are authoritative.
       Many Christians are simply authoritarian, and, not surprisingly, few 
       adults respond to this treatment.

Larry Overacker (llo@shell.com)
-- 
I differ with our moderator on this.  I thought the whole idea of God coming
down to earth to live as one of us "subject to sin and death" (as one of
the consecration prayers in the Book of Common Prayer (1979) puts it) was
that Jesus was tempted, but did not succumb.  If sin is not part of the
basic definition of humanity, then Jesus "fully human" (Nicea) would not
be "subject to sin", but then the Resurrection loses some of its meaning,
because we encounter our humanity most powerfully when we sin.  To distinguish
between "human" and "fallen human" makes Jesus less like one of us at the
time we need him most.


First, the Monophysites inherited none of Nestorius's version -- they 
were on the opposite end of the spectrum from him.  Second, the historical
record suggests that the positions attributed to Nestorius were not as
extreme as his (successful) opponents (who wrote the conventional history)
claimed.  Mainly Nestorius opposed the term Theotokos for Mary, arguing
(I think correctly) that a human could not be called Mother of God.  I mean,
in the Athanasian Creed we talk about the Son "uncreate" -- surely even 
Arians would concede that Jesus existed long before Mary.  Anyway, Nestorius's
opponents claimed that by saying Mary was not Theotokos, that he claimed
that she only gave birth to the human nature of Jesus, which would require
two seperate and distinct natures.  The argument fails though, because
Mary simply gave birth to Jesus, who preexisted her either divinely,
if you accept "Nestorianism" as commonly defined, or both natures intertwined,
a la Chalcedon.

Second, I am not sure that "Nestorianism" is not a better alternative than
the orthodox view.  After all, I find it hard to believe that pre-Incarnation
that Jesus's human nature was in heaven; likewise post-Ascension.  I think
rather that God came to earth and took our nature upon him.  It was a seperate
nature, capable of being tempted as in Gethsemane (since I believe the divine
nature could never be tempted) but in its moments of weakness the divine nature
prevailed.

Comments on the above warmly appreciated.

Jason Albert

[There may be differences in what we mean by "subject to sin".  The
original complaint was from someone who didn't see how we could call
Jesus fully human, because he didn't sin.  I completely agree that
Jesus was subject to temptation.  I simply object to the idea that by
not succumbing, he is thereby not fully human.  I believe that you do
not have to sin in order to be human.

I again apologize for confusing Nestorianism and monophysitism.  I
agree with you, and have said elsewhere, that there's reason to think
that not everyone who is associated with heretical positions was in
fact heretical.  There are scholars who maintain that Nestorius was
not Nestorian.  I have to confess that the first time I read some of
the correspondence between Nestorius and his opponents, I thought he
got the better of them.

However, most scholars do believe that the work that eventually led to
Chalcedon was an advance, and that Nestorius was at the very least
"rash and dogmatic" (as the editor of "The Christological Controversy"
refers to him) in rejecting all approaches other than his own.  As
regular Usenet readers know, narrowness can be just as much an
impediment as being wrong.  Furthermore, he did say some things that I
think are problematical.  He responds to a rather mild letter from
Cyril with a flame worthy of Usenet.  In it he says "To attribute also
to [the Logos], in the name of [the incarnation] the characteristics
of the flesh that has been conjoined with him ... is, my brother,
either the work of a mind which truly errs in the fashion of the
Greeks or that of a mind diseased with the insane heresy of Arius and
Apollinaris and the others.  Those who are thus carried away with the
idea of this association are bound, because of it, to make the divine
Logos have a part in being fed with milk and participate to some
degree in growh and stand in need of angelic assistance because of his
fearfulness ...  These things are taken falsely when they are put off
on the deity and they become the occasion of just condemnation for us
who perpetrate the falsehood."

It's all well and good to maintain a proper distinction between
humanity and divinity.  But the whole concept of incarnation is based
on exactly the idea that the divine Logos does in fact have "to some
degree" a part in being born, growing up, and dying.  Of course it
must be understood that there's a certain indirectness in the Logos'
participation in these things.  But there must be some sort of
identification between the divine and human, or we don't have an
incarnation at all.  Nestorius seemed to think in black and white
terms, and missed the sorts of nuances one needs to deal with this
area.

You say "I find it hard to believe that pre-Incarnation that Jesus's
human nature was in heaven."  I don't think that's required by
orthodox doctrine.  It's the divine Logos that is eternal.
I finally got a 24 bit viewer for my POVRAY generated .TGA files.

It was written in C by Sean Malloy and he kindly sent me a copy.  He
wrote it for the same purpose, to view .TGA files using his SpeedStar 24.

It ONLY works with the SpeedStar 24 and I cannot send copies since it is
not my program.  I believe the author may release a version at a future
time when the program is more developed.   He may or may not comment on
this, as he pleases.

Thanks to all who were helpful.

Regards,
I require BGI drivers for Super VGA Displays and Super XVGA Displays. Does 
anyone know where I could obtain the relevant drivers ? (FTP sites ??)

	Regards

[Lots of trippy stuff deleted]

Wow...  What is this guy smoking and WHERE can I GET SOME?

Dan
Julie, it is a really trying situation that you have described.  My
brother was living with someone like that and things were almost as bad
(although he left after a considerably shorter amount of time due to
other problems with the relationship).  Anyway, the best thing to do
would be to get everyone in the same room together (optimally in a room
with nothing breakable), lock the door behind you, throw the key out
underneath the door (just as far as the longest hand can reach.  You
would like to get out after the conclusion, I would imagine), and hash
things out.  More than likely, there will be screaming, crying, and
possibly hitting (unless of course someone decided to bring some rope to
tie people down).  Some of the best strategies in keeping things calmer
would include:
   have each individual own their own statements (ie, I feel that this
relationship is hurting everyone involved because.... or I really don't
understand where you're coming from.)
   reinforce statements by paraphrasing, etc. (ie, So you think that we
did this because of...?  Well, let me just say that the reason for this
was ....)
   don't accuse each other (It was your fault that ... happened!)
   find a common ground about SOMETHING (Lampshades really are
decorational and functional at the same time.)
   Guaranteed, in a situation like this, there is going to be some
gunnysacking (re-hashing topics which were assumed resolved, but were
truly not and someone feels someone else is to blame).  However, this
should be kept to a minimum and simply ask for forgiveness or apologize
about each situation WITHOUT holding a smoldering grudge.  

The relationship really can work.  It's just a matter of keeping things
smooth and even.  It's sort of like making a peace treaty between
warring factions:  you can't give one side everything; there must be a
compromise.  Breaks can be taken, but communication between everyone
involved must continue if the relationships here are to survive.

It was a test of the first reusable tool.


Pointy so they can find them or so they will stick into their pants better, and
be closer to their brains?

I haven't seen any speculation about it. But, the Salyut KB (Design Bureau) 
was planning a new LH/LOX second stage for the Proton which would boost
payload to LEO from about 21000 to 31500 kg. (Geostationary goes from
2600 kg. (Gals launcher version) to 6000 kg.. This scheme was competing
with the Energia-M last year and I haven't heard which won, except now
I recently read that the Central Specialized KB was working on the 
successor to the Soyuz booster which must be the Energia-M. So the early
results are Energia-M won, but this is a guess, nothing is very clear in 
Russia. I'm sure if Salyut KB gets funds from someone they will continue 
their development. 

The Centaur for the Altas is about 3 meters dia. and the Proton 
is 4 so that's a good fit for their existing upper stage, the Block-D
which sets inside a shround just under 4 meters dia. I don't know about
launch loads, etc.. but since the Centaur survives Titan launches which
are probably worse than the Proton (those Titan SRB's probably shake things
up pretty good) it seems feasible. EXCEPT, the Centaur is a very fragile
thing and may require integration on the pad which is not available now.
Protons are assembled and transported horizontially. Does anyone know 
how much stress in the way of a payload a Centaur could support while
bolted to a Proton horizontally and then taken down the rail road track
and erected on the pad?  

They would also need LOX and LH facilities added to the Proton pads 
(unless the new Proton second stage is actually built), and of course
any Centaur support systems and facilities, no doubt imported from the
US at great cost. These systems may viloate US law so there are political
problems to solve in addition to the instabilities in the CIS you mention. 
The two historic facts that I think the most important are these:

(1) If Jesus didn't rise from the dead, then he must have done something
else equally impressive, in order to create the observed amount of impact.

(2) Nobody ever displayed the dead body of Jesus, even though both the
Jewish and the Roman authorities would have gained a lot by doing so
(it would have discredited the Christians).



Oh yea?  Which version of the Bible is the perfectly preserved one?  And
why are there so many translations that are not perfectly preserved?  Is
God trying to confuse us?


But that is exactly what happend.  There are so many branches of 
denominations of Christianity and deviations of doctrine portruding
from varying translations of biblical texts by "serious students" that
are much too numerous to begin to count.  If there is a Perfect Bible,
then there would be no possible misinterpretation and there would be
no need for anyone here to be debating it.  On the other hand, maybe
the Bible is perfect, but no one on this planet is perfect enough to
read it correctly, but then there would be no point in God giving us
something we cannot use correctly.


IMHO, if you trust your salvation on the reliability of a single book,
you are on weak ground.  Remember, In the beginning was the Word, and
the Word was with God, and the Word was God.  This Word existed BEFORE
the Bible was written.  (Note: Word <==> God).  This Word that John is
trying to describe cannot be fully described in any written language,
all languages being IMPERFECT.  Realization comes only from contemplation
of the Word, and is outside the boundaries of language.  I use the Bible
as a guide, a stepping stone, but in no way is it my final authority.
God alone is the final authority.
...

Funny.  A bit disturbing.  Forging a posting seems somewhat unethical, even
if the subject is as notorious as McElwaine.

Followups should definitely not go to sci.space.

I posted this a couple of weeks ago, and it doesn't seem to have appeared  
on the newsgroup, and I haven't had a reply from the moderator. We were  
having intermittent problems with our mail at the time. Please excuse me  
if you have seen this before...

Should Christians fight?

Last week Alastair posted some questions about fighting, and whether there  
are such things as "justifiable wars". I have started looking into these  
things and have jotted down my findings as I go. I haven't answered all  
his questions yet, and I know what I have here is on a slightly different  
tack, but possibly I'll be able to get into it more deeply later, and post  
some more info soon.

Our duty to our neighbour:

Do good to all men (Gal 6:10)
Love our neighbour as ourselves (Matt 22:39)

Act the part of the good Samaritan (Luke 10) toward any who may be in  
trouble. We will therefore render every possible assistance to an injured  
man, and therefore should not be part of any organisation which causes  
people harm (even medical corps of the army etc).

Christians are by faith "citizens of the commonwealth of Israel"  
(Ephesians 2:11-12), and also recognise that "God rules in the kingdoms of  
men", and therefore we should not be taking part in any of the struggles  
of those nations which we are not part of due to our faith.

We are to be "strangers and pilgrims" amongst the nations, so we are just  
passing through, and not part of any nation or any national aspirations  
(this can also be applied to politics etc, but that's another story). We  
are not supposed to "strive" or "resist evil" (even "suffer yourselves to  
be defrauded") it is therefore incosistent for us to strive to assist in  
preserving a state which Christ will destroy when he returns to set up  
God's kingdom.

Our duty to the state.

"Render therefore unto Caesar the things which be Caesar's and unto God  
the things which be God's" (Luke 20:25).
"Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power  
but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever resisteth  
the power, resisteth the ordinance of God" (Rom 13:1-2).
"Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake; whether  
it be to king as supreme... for so is the will of God that with well doing  
ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men" (1 Pet 2:13-15)

These scriptures make it clear that submission to the powers that be is a  
divine command, but it is equally clear from Acts 5:19-29 that when any  
ordinance of man runs counter to God's law, we must refuse submission to  
it. The reason for this is that we are God's "bond servants" and His  
service is our life's task. An example of the type of thing is in Col  
3:22-23 where bondservants were to "work heartily as unto the Lord" - so  
also we should work as if our boss was God - i.e. "Pressed down, shaken  
together, and running over"... oops - a bit of a side track there...

In the contests between the nations, we are on God's side - a side that is  
not fighting in the battle, but is "testifying" to the truth.

When we believe in God and embrace His promises, we become "fellow  
citizens with the Saints and of the Household of God", and are no longer  
interested in associations of the world. Think of this in relation to  
unions etc as well. Paul tells us to "lay aside every weight" that we may  
run "the race that is set before us", and if we are wise, we will discard  
any association which would retard our progress - "Thou therefore endure  
hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. No man that warreth entangleth  
himself with the affairs of this life, that he may please him who hath  
chosen him to be a soldier" (2 Tim 2:3-4).

One of these entanglements he warns about is "be ye not unequally yoked  
together with unbelievers". One of the obvious applications of this is  
marriage with unbelievers, but it also covers things like business  
partnerships and any other position where we may form a close association  
with any person or persons not believing the truth about God (in this case  
the army). The principle comes from Deut 22:10 - remember that as well as  
them being different animals of different strengths, one was clean and one  
unclean under the law. These ideas are strongly stressed in 2 Cor 6:13-18  
- I suggest you read this. The yoking also has another aspect - that of  
servitude, and Jesus says "take my yoke upon you", so we are then yoked  
with Christ and cannot be yoked with unbelievers. We have already seen  
that we are bondservants of Christ, and Paul says "become not ye the  
bondservants of men (1 Cor 7:23 RV).

An example from the Old Testament: the question is asked in 2 Chr 19:2  
"Shouldest thou help the ungodly...?". The situation here is a good  
example of what happens when you are yoked together with unbelievers.  
Jehoshaphat was lucky to escape with his life. Here are the facts:
1. He had made an affinity with Ahab, who had "sold himself to work  
wickedness before the Lord" (1 Kings 21:25).
2. When asked by Ahab to form a military alliance, he had agreed and said  
"I am as thou art, my people as thy people" (1 Kings 22:4) - an unequal  
yoking.
3. He sttod firm in refusing the advice of the false prophets and insisted  
on hearing the prophet of the Lord (trying to do the right thing), he  
found that he was yoked and therefore couldn't break away from the evil  
association he had made.

God says to us "Come out from among them and be ye separate, and touch not  
the unclean thing, and I will receive you and ye shall be my sons and  
daughters" (2 Cor 6:17).

This is more or less what I have found out so far - I'm still looking into  
it, as I don't think I've answered all the questions raised by Alastair  
yet. Heres a summary and a few things to think about:

The Christian in under command. Obedience to this command is an essential  
factor in his relationship with Christ (John 15:10,14).

Total dedication to this course of action is required (Romans 12:1-2).

Disobedience compromises the close relationship between Christ and his  
followers (1 Pet 2:7-8).

We are to be separated to God (Rom 6:4). This involves a master-servant  
relationship (Rom 6:12,16).

No man can serve two masters (Matt 6:24,13,14).

All that is in the 'Kosmos' is lust and pride - quite opposed to Gos (1  
John 2:16). Christs kingdom is not of this world (i.e. not worldly in  
nature) - if it was, his servants would fight to deliver him. If Christ is  
our master and he was not delivered by his servants because his kingdom  
was not of this world, then his servants cannot possibly fight for another  
master.

Strangers and pilgrims have no rights, and we cannot swear allegiance to  
anyone but God.

The servant of the Lord must not war but be gentle to all (2 Tim 2:24) -  
this does not just apply to war, but also to avoiding strife throughout  
our lives. There is a war to be waged, not with man's weapons (2 Cor  
10:3-4), but with God's armour (Eph6:13-20).

I'll probably post some more when I've had time to look into things a bit  
further.

Does anyone know how to size cold gas roll control thruster tanks
for sounding rockets?

Yep, that's pretty much it. I'm not a Jew but I understand that this is the
Jewish way of thinking. However, the Jews believe that the Covenant between
YHWH and the Patriarchs (Abraham and Moses, in this case) establishes a Moral
Code to follow for mankind. Even the Jews could not decide where the boundaries
fall, though.

As I understand it, the Sadducees believed that the Torah was all that was
required, whereas the Pharisees (the ancestors of modern Judaism) believed that
the Torah was available for interpretation to lead to an understanding of
the required Morality in all its nuances (->Talmud).

The essence of all of this is that Biblical Morality is an interface between
Man and YHWH (for a Jew or Christian) and does not necessarily indicate
anything about YHWH outside of that relationship (although one can speculate).


The trouble with all of this is that we don't really know what the "created
in His image" means. I've heard a number of different opinions on this and
have still not come to any conclusion. This rather upsets the Apple Cart if
one wants to base a Life Script on this shaky foundation (to mix metaphors
unashamedly!) As to living by Christ's example, we know very little about
Jesus as a person. We only have his recorded utterances in a set of narratives
by his followers, and some very small references from comtemporary historians.
Revelation aside, one can only "know" Christ second-hand or worse.

This is not an attempt to debunk Christianity (although it may seem that way
initially), the point I`m trying to make is that we only really have the Bible
to interpret, and that interpretation is by humanity. I guess this is where
Faith or Relevation comes in with all its inherent subjectiveness.


No. There may be an absolute moral code. There are undoubtably multiple
moral codes. The multiple moral codes may be founded in the absolute moral
code. As an example, a parent may tell a child never to swear, and the child
may assume that the parent never swears simply because the parent has told
the child that it is "wrong". Now, the parent may swear like a trooper in
the pub or bar (where there are no children). The "wrongness" here is if
the child disobeys the parent. The parent may feel that it is "inappropriate"
to swear in front of children but may be quite happy to swear in front of
animals. The analogy does not quite hold water because the child knows that
he is of the same type as the parent (and may be a parent later in life) but
you get the gist of it? Incidentally, the young child considers the directive
as absolute until he gets older (see Piaget) and learns a morality of his own.

David.

---
On religion:

Glad to hear this, just a note, Osiris, Mithras and many other
cult gods resurrected as well, so there's a good chance for all of
us to maybe end up in a virtual reality simulator, and live forever,
hurrah!

Sorry, this was a joke, some sort of one anyway. I'm the first
that connected Osiris with a virtual reality personality database.
Time to write a book.


Cheers,
Kent

     What  evidence  indicates that Gamma Ray bursters are very far away?

Their distribution is very isotropic and the intensity distribution,
crudely speaking, indicates we're seeing an edge to the distribution.

   Given the enormous  power,  i was just wondering,  what if they are
   quantum  black holes or something  like that  fairly close by?

   Why would they have to be at  galactic ranges?   

Now, in the good old days before GRO data, it was thought the
gamma bursters were neutron stars in the galaxy, it was expected that
GRO would confirm this by either showing they were a local population
(within a few hundred light years) or that they were in the galactic
halo. (Mechanism was not known but several plausible ones existed)
(also to be fair it was noted that the _brightest_ burster was
probably in the LMC, suggesting theorists might be wrong back then...)
	As the Sun is not at the center of the galaxy a halo
population should show anisotropy (a local disk population is
ruled out completely at this stage) - to avoid the anisotropy you
have to push the halo out, the energy then gets large, the mechanism
of getting NS out that far becomes questionable, and we should start
to see for example the Andromeda's bursters.
	The data is consistent with either a Oort cloud distribution
(but only just) - but no one can think of a plausible source with
the right spectrum. Or, it can be a cosmological distances (hence
isotropy) and the edge is "the edge of the Universe" ;-)
If at cosmological distances you need very high energy (to detect)
and a very compact source (for spectrum), ergo a neutron star
colliding with another neutron star or black hole. Even then getting
the spectrum is very hard, but conceivable.

	If we know anything about physics at that level,
the bursters are not due to quantum black holes or cosmic
strings, wrong spectrum for one thing.

The situation is further complicated by recent claims that
there are two classes of sources ;-)  [in the colliding NS
they'd actually probably fit relatively easily into the
NS-NS and NS-BH collision scenarios respectively]

   my own pet theory is that it's  Flying saucers  entering
   hyperspace :-)

   but the reason i am asking is that most everyone assumes  that they
   are  colliding nuetron stars  or  spinning black holes,  i just wondered
   if any mechanism could exist  and place them  closer in.

If you can think of one, remember to invite me to Stockholm...
================ ------------------------------------------------------------
 |||||||| SciP+Fi  ction set in C-Sci\programming environs list by Ian Feldman
 ..........:::::: ---------------------------------------- ---- --------------
 Written by:_____ _Book Title_; publisher'year, pp         v2.7           ISBN
 -----------       =============================== ------- ==== ##############
     John Brunner _Shockwave Rider_; Ray/Ballantine'84 $5_______ 0-345-32431-5
                   "cracking the net to free information for the common good"
      Pat Cadigan _Mindplayers_; ("an absolute must-have" --Bruce Sterling)
      Pat Cadigan _Synners_; Bantam $5; (virtual reality)_______ 0-553-28254-9
 Orson Scott Card _Lost Boys_; Harper Collins'92; (programmer and family     \
                   encounters strange events in North Carolina)
     Denise Danks _Frame Grabber_; St.Martin's, hrdb [GBP]17____ 0-312-08786-1
                   computer-illiterate journalix tracks down murderer via BBS
    Toni Dwiggins _Interrupt_; ("a techno-mystery set in Silicon Valley")
    Michael Frayn _The Tin Men_; Fontana, ("inspired lunacy" but out of print)
    David Gerrold _When HARLIE was One Release 2.0_; Bantam'88__ 0-553-26465-6
   William Gibson _Count Zero_; (computers as gods, part of a trilogy)
   William Gibson _Mona Lisa Overdrive_; (virtual reality)______ 0-553-28174-7
   William Gibson _Burning Chrome_; (cyberpunk short stories)___ 0-441-08934-8
   William Gibson _Neuromancer_; (industrial espionage)_________ 0-441-56959-5
                   (author guilty of inventing the cyberpunk genre)
      James Hogan _The Genesis Machine_; Del Ray'87 $3__________ 0-345-34756-0
      James Hogan _Thrice Upon A Time_; ("time travel for information")
      James Hogan _The Two Faces of Tomorrow_; Del Ray'79_______ 0-345-27517-9
                   ultimate test of AI-OS by letting it run a spacelab -> amok
    Stanislaw Lem _His Master's Voice_; (failed attempt to decode ET-message)
       Tom Maddox _HALO_ ("remarkable SF of robots & artificial intelligence")
 George RR Martin _Nightflyers_; Tor Books'87___________________ 0-8125-4564-8
      R A MacAvoy _Tea with the Black Dragon_; ("mystery around a computer   \
                   fraud situation; computing bits ring true.")
 Vonda N McIntyre _Steelcollar Worker_; in Analog Nov'92; (blue-collar VR)
     Marge Piercy _Body of Glass_; Penguin'92, 584pp; (data piracy++) review \
                   finger "books=Body_of_Glass%danny"@orthanc.cs.su.oz.au
 ---> David Pogue _Hard-Drive_; Diamond'93 $5, 304pp____________ 1-55773-884-X
                   (*programmer dies in accident, leaves no documentation    \
                   behind; software firms fight for market share with virii; \
                   "right out of the pages of MacWorld" --Steve Brock)
   Richard Powers _The Gold Bug Variations_; Morrow '91, (famous molecular   \
                   scientist ponders on the ?why? of love, life in EDP dept.)
      Paul Preuss _Human Error_; (nanotech computer infects brain-damaged kid)
    Thomas J Ryan _The Adolescence of P1_; ACE'79_______________ 0-671-55970-2
                   (runaway AI experiment takes over mainframes, wrecks havoc)
   Bruce Sterling _The Difference Engine_; (with W Gibson) Bantam'91; finger \
                   "books=The_Difference_Engine%danny"@orthanc.cs.su.oz.au
      Cliff Stoll _The Cuckoo's Egg_; (non-fiction but reads like one); review
                   FTP <garbo.uwasa.fi>; /mac/tidbits/1991/tb048_18-Mar-91.etx
     Tom T Thomas _ME_; ("smart computers")
     Vernor Vinge _Across Realtime_; Baen Books_____________ [several titles \
     Vernor Vinge _Tatja Grimm's World_; Baen Books__________ soon available \
     Vernor Vinge _The Witling_; Baen Books___________________ as Millennium \
     Vernor Vinge _Threats and Other Promises_; Baen Books_____ Books in UK]
     Vernor Vinge _True Names & Other Dangers_; Baen Books'87___ 0-671-65363-6
     Vernor Vinge _A Fire Upon The Deep_; Tor Books, 640p, $6___ 0-8125-1528-5
                   ("essentially about the future of the Internet")
      John Varley _Press Enter_; ("Short story, gruesome, but good")
       Ed Yourdon _Silent Witness_; ("Computer crime caper story; gumshoe    \
                   has to explain intricacies of computer OS to girlfriend")
 Herbert W Franke _Das Zentrum der Milchstrasse_; ("the center of the galaxy")
 Herbert W Franke _Letzte Programmierer_; ("'the last programmer';           \
                   I do NOT mean Frank Herbert!")
       Emil Zopfi _Computer Fuer 1001 Nacht_; Limmat Verlag, Switzerland
       Emil Zopfi _Jede Minute Kostet 33 Franken_; (last 4 in German; last 2 \
                   "set in the commercial computing world of the early 70's")
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 current version of this list via `finger "scip+fi%danny"@orthanc.cs.su.oz.au'
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 compiled 930424; % mail -s "additions/ comments/ updates --->" ianf@random.se
 ================ ============================================= ==============



     Statistical breakdown
--------------------------
 +-- --------------------- SciP+Fiction -----+------------+------------------+
 | # nominations /title    ~~~~~~~~~~~~         /author    # books nominated |
 +-- =========== ----------------------------+ =========== ================= +
 | 5 _The Adolescence of P-1_; Ryan          |    Vinge 10          6 titles |
 | 5 _Neuromancer_; Gibson                   |   Gibson 10          5 titles |
 | 4 _True Names and Other Dangers_; Vinge   |     Ryan  5 _The Adolescence..|
 | 4 _Shockwave Rider_; Brunner              |  Brunner  4 _Shockwave Rider_ |
 | 4 _When H.A.R.L.I.E was One_; Gerrold     |  Gerrold  4 _When H.A.R.L.I.E.|
 | 4 _A Fire Upon The Deep_; Vinge           |    Hogan  3          3 titles |
 | 2 _Threats and Other Promises_; Vinge     |      Lem  3 _Fiasco_HMV_Solar.|
 +-- ----------------------------------------+ ----------- ----------------- +
 | # total nominations: 85; authors: 27; female: 5?6; sent in by: 42 readers |
 +======== ================ ============ ============ =======================+


       Contributions by [unsorted FIFO]:
----------------------------------------
 From: sbrock@teal.csn.org (Steve Brock)
 From: "John Lacey" <johnl@cs.indiana.edu>
 From: malloy@nprdc.navy.mil (Sean Malloy)
 From: thom kevin gillespie <thom@silver.ucs.indiana.edu>
 From: Paul Christopher Workman <pw0l+@andrew.cmu.edu>
 From: kellys@code3.code3.com (Kelly Sorensen)
 From: whughes@lonestar.utsa.edu (William W. Hughes)
 From: North_TJ@cc.curtin.edu.au (Tim North)
 From: LORETI@FNAL.FNAL.GOV (Maurizio Loreti)
 From: Stephen Hart <stephenh@cs.mun.ca>
 From: Duane F Marble <dmarble@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu>
 From: Matthias Neeracher <neeri@iis.ee.ethz.ch>
 From: Wolfram Wagner <ww@mpi-sb.mpg.de>
 From: webb@tsavo.HKS.COM (Peter Webb)
 From: setzer@ssd.comm.mot.com (Thomas Setzer)
 From: kevles@acf3.NYU.EDU (Beth Kevles)
 From: dp@world.std.com (Jeff DelPapa)
 From: rsquires@cyclops.eece.unm.edu (Roger Squires)
 From: hartman@uLogic.com (Richard Hartman)
 From: Vernor Vinge <vinge%saturn@sdsu.edu>
 From: Paul Lebeau <plebeau@cix.compulink.co.uk>
 From: "Lawrence Rounds" <ljr@beach.cis.ufl.edu>
 From: phydeaux@cumc.cornell.edu (David Weingart)
 From: chgs02@vaxa.strath.ac.uk (By learning+courtesy)
 From: Rowan Fairgrove <rowanf@cache.crc.ricoh.com>
 From: peterc@suite.sw.oz.au.sw.oz.au (Peter Chubb,x114,6982322,3982735)
 From: Gara Pruesse <gara@cs.toronto.edu>
 From: russell@alpha3.ersys.edmonton.ab.ca (Russell Schulz)
 From: ahm@spatula.rent.com (Andreas Meyer)
 From: jon@cs.washington.edu (Jon Jacky)
 From: eugene@nas.nasa.gov (Eugene N. Miya)
 From: "A.M.MAIR" <CHGS02@VAXB.STRATHCLYDE.AC.UK>
 From: mengel@dcdmwm.fnal.gov (Marc Mengel)
 From: Roger Scowen <rss@seg.npl.co.uk>
 From: kevino@clbooks.com (Kevin Oster -- System Administrator)
 From: chavey@cs.wisc.edu (Darrah Chavey)
 From: Vonda McIntyre <mcintyre@cpac.washington.edu>
 From: Bruce Sterling <bruces@well.sf.ca.us>
 From: "Scott Thomas Yabiku" <yabi@midway.uchicago.edu>
 From: Thomas Adshead <uad1212@dircon.co.uk>
 From: Paul Andrews <76050.161@CompuServe.COM>
 ===== ======================================= ---------> MUCHO thanks to all!


You're admitting a lot more than that.  You are admitting that
your morals are situational.   You are admitting that the actions
of other people and the situation you are in help to determine
how you judge the moral significance of one of your own actions.

If you employ X degree of force, that's not moral, but if you employ
X degree of force, but previously someone else has employed Y degree
of force, and the situation is thus-and-so, that *is* moral.

This is quite different from saying "Employing force on other people
is immoral, period.   Unfortunately, from time to time we are obliged
to do this immoral thing for reasons of self-preservation, and so
we have to bear the moral consequences of that.

For what it's worth - and yes, I know you claim to be an agnostic -
it's this ability to re-label things from "immoral" to "moral" 
that I find one of the *least* attractive qualities of the religious
mind.

Actuallay I don't, but on the other hand I don't support the idea of having
one newsgroup for every aspect of graphics programming as proposed by Brian,
in his reply to my original posting.
I would suggest a looser structure more like a comp.graphics.programmer,
comp.graphics.hw_and_sw
The reason for making as few groups as possible is for the same reason you
say we shouldn't spilt up, not to get to few postings every day.
I takes to much time to browse through all postings just to find two or 
three I'm interested in.

I understand and agree when you say you want all aspects of graphics in one
meeting. I agree to some extension. I see news as a forum to exchange ideas,
help others or to be helped. I think this is difficult to achive if there
are so many different things in one meeting.

Good evening netters|-)
Dear fellow netters,

From time to time a term like 'Oneness Pentecostals' (or something
similar) has occurred in posts to this group. I also know that there
is a movement called something like 'Jesus alone.' 

I believe in the Trinity and have no plans to change that, but reently
I was made aware that there is at least one person within our church
who holds the view that there is no trinity. In the near future we
will discuss this item, and I feel that I shall ask you, my friends on
this group, for background information.

Can anybody tell me the basic reasons for holding a belief that there
is only Jesus? And vice versa: The foundations for the Trinity?

I shall appreciate both quotes from the Bible and historical
development.

Thank you all.

In Him,

Bjorn





No, I don't mean the LR, whatever that is.  As for which GD, I'm using _The
Complete Golden Dawn System of Magic_ as my source, so (unless Regardie is
lying) I'm pulling the name out the the original order's rituals.  The
multiple modern groups are part of why I through in the comment about all
the "spin-offs".


As a member of the Religious Society of Friends (my membership is in the
Urbana-Champaign (IL) Friends Meeting) I find that amusingly ironic. :)


Not me--I don't want to belong to *anything* which runs around claiming to
be the TRUE whatever.  I find that disgusting. :(

Enjoy the journey!
                      --Br'anArthur
                                      Queer, Peculiar, and Wyrd! :-)
Hi,

I'm interested in writing a program to generate a SIRD picture, you know
the stereogram where you cross your eyes and the picture becomes 3D.

Does anyone have one or know where I can get one?

Please e-mail to steveq@sndcrft.DIALix.oz.au with any replies.

Many thanks for your help.

Hence we are "all" above the Law where "all" in this case refers to
Christians.


When was the last time you heard about a Jewish animal sacrifice?


The blood sacrifice of an innocent man?


Then why don't Christians follow it, why don't they even follow their
own Ten Commandments?


So, in short; Hitler is in heaven and Gandhi is in Hell?


The Proton has been used in 2, 3, and 4 stage versions.  The two stage version
was used for the first 3 launches, while the 3 and 4 stage versions are used
today.  The four stage version is used mostly for escape (and geosynchronous?)
orbits, while the 3 stage version is used for low earth orbits.  Since this is
the version that launched Mir and the Salyuts (and the add-on modules for Mir),
as long as Centaur is smaller than Mir (which I believe it is), it should fit
under the shroud.

I vaguely recall that the Russians are developing a LH2/LOX upper stage for the
Proton.
:     Help!! I need code/package/whatever to take 3-D data and turn it into
: a wireframe surface with hidden lines removed. I'm using a DOS machine, and
: the code can be in ANSI C or C++, ANSI Fortran or Basic. The data I'm using
: forms a rectangular grid.
:    Please post your replies to the net so that others may benefit. IMHO, this
: is a general interest question.
:    Thank you!!!!!!


Gulp.

[Disclaimer:  This opinion is mine and does not represent the views of
Fermilab, Universities Research Association, the Department of Energy,
or the 49th Ward Regular Science Fiction Organization.]
 

Do you have Weitek's address/phone number?  I'd like to get some information
about this chip.



Exactly when will the hover test be done, and will any of the TV
networks carry it.  I really want to see that...

There is the Army Ballistic Missile Defense Organization.

They were the precursors to SDIO.  and still exist under
that umbrella.  Army Signal Corp's  and DCA  defense Comm Agency
oops  DISA, they just changed names  do space work.  that's
the point of all those defense comm sats.  
The most current orbital elements from the NORAD two-line element sets are
carried on the Celestial BBS, (513) 427-0674, and are updated daily (when
possible).  Documentation and tracking software are also available on this
system.  As a service to the satellite user community, the most current
elements for the current shuttle mission are provided below.  The Celestial
BBS may be accessed 24 hours/day at 300, 1200, 2400, 4800, or 9600 bps using
8 data bits, 1 stop bit, no parity.

Element sets (also updated daily), shuttle elements, and some documentation
and software are also available via anonymous ftp from archive.afit.af.mil
(129.92.1.66) in the directory pub/space.

STS 56     
1 22621U 93 23  A 93105.06179397  .00044513  00000-0  12649-3 0   230
2 22621  57.0022 147.2850 0004246 288.7332  38.0941 15.92991629  1084
1993 023B  
1 22623U 93 23  B 93103.37312705  .00041032  00000-0  11888-3 0    86
2 22623  57.0000 155.1150 0004422 293.4650  66.5967 15.92653917   803
I read it refered to as the "parabolic cross-section" rule;
the idea was that if you plot the area of the fuselage cross-
section as a function of the point fore-and-aft along the 
fuselage, a plot that is a **paraboloid** minimizes somethin' 
or 'nother (to be technical about it).


[why are atheists atheists/ believes it could be the result of
"brokenness"]


i agree -- if you are going to find out anything from people who don't
share your beliefs, do not attack them or condescend to them and hope
to get a neutral picture of them.  come to them with an open mind.


well, you do believe in something, as i see it, even if it is a sort
of "anti-belief" (no negative connotation meant; i mean simply that
you believe that God _does not_ exist).  christians can also feel that
sense of "difference", however, when they are associated with "those
weird televangelists who always talk about satan".  if you'll excuse
the cliched sound of this, everyone has to deal with his/ her
differences from other people.  i can understand how being an atheist
could be hard for you; being a christian is sometimes hard for me.


you should not have to repress how you feel -- you should be able to
discuss it without fear.  i think there are admirable things to learn
from any belief, which can enrich your own -- by asking myself the
questions that atheists may ask me, i can learn the answers and become
stronger in my faith.  if my faith can't support knowing the answers
to those questions, it is weak and untrue. 


in some way the pressures were different, of course, because you
"chose" your beliefs -- or are you saying that they were not your
choice, but born of necessity?  [please, no flames about whether or
not gay people "choose" their lifestyle -- that's elsewhere in this
newsgroup]


i'm not sure i understand this sentence -- could you explain?

[moderator points out that many/ most atheists aren't "hostile", they
just cease believiing in xiantiy/ religion]


ouch, yes.  part of being a christian is accepting _everyone_ with an
open heart -- including people of "our own camp" with whom we
completely disagree.  by the same token, i believe that accusation and
suspicion are not the best way to reach out to those not of our faith,
nor is it effective to try to browbeat people into accepting our
religion.  i have a different idea of mission: be what i am, a
christian who is happy in her faith, and if others see that and want
to know about either the happiness or the religion, i'll share what i
know without pressure and let them make their own decisions.  at some
point you just have to agree to disagree -- acceptance of diversity,
not uniformity, is the way to sow peace....


vera noyes
93!04.16 e.v.  After the Glorious Eve of Taxation

Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
The word of Sin is Restriction.


"To all whom it may concern -

...

"It is known only to a few that there exists an external visible
organization of such men and women, who having themselves found
the path to real self-knowledge, and who, having travelled the
burning sands, are willing to give the benefit of their experience,
and to act as spiritual guides to those who are willing to be
guided.

"While numberless societies, associations, orders, groups etc.
have been founded during the last thirty years in all parts of
the civilised world, all following some line of occult study,
yet there is but ONE ancient organization of genuine Mystics
which shows the seeker after truth a Royal Road to discover
The Lost Mysteries of Antiquity, and to the Unveiling of the
One Hermetic Truth.

"This organization is known at the present time as the Ancient
Order of Oriental Templars.  Ordo Templi Orientis.  Otherwise:
The Hermetic Brotherhood of Light.

"It is a Modern School of Magic.  And, like the ancient schools
of magic, it derived its knowledge from the East.  This Knowledge
was never its possessors.[sic] It was recorded in symbol, parable 
and allegory, requiring a Key for its interpretation....

"This key can be placed within the reach of all those who... apply
for membership to the Oriental Templars (O.T.O.). 

"The O.T.O.... is a body of Initiates in whose hands are
concentrated the secret knowledge of all Oriental Orders and of all
existing Masonic Degrees....

"The O.T.O., although an Academia Masonica, is not a Masonic Body,
so far as the Craft degrees are concerned in the sense in which that
expression is usually understood in England, and therefore in no way
conflicts with or infringes the just priveleges of the United Lodge
of England.  English Master Masons in good standing, by arrangement,
on affiliation, are admitted at reduced charges.  Members of the IX
degree become part-proprietors of the Estates and Goods of the Order.
For further information see the publications of the O.T.O., and the
synopsis of the degrees of the O.T.O."

'Constitution of the Ancient Order of Oriental Templars,
 Ordo Templi Orientis', 

by Frater Superior Merlin Peregrinus X Degree, 
Past Grand Master Albert Karl Theodor Reuss


Taken from _Equinox III: 10_, 
Edited by Frater Superior Rex Summus Sanctissimus,
United States Caliph of Ordo Templi Orientis


Invoke me under my stars.  Love is the law, love under will.

I am I!
[DISCLAIMER: Throughout this post, there are statements and questions which
could easily be interpreted as being sarcastic.  They are not.  I have written
this reply in the most even-handed manner that I can, with no emotions boiling
to the surface as it was written.  Please accept this as a serious attempt to
foster dialog and rest assurred that I make every attempt to make fun of no
one, except myself ;-)]



[...]


	Hmmm.  There are other animals on this planet with advanced
	mental facilities which have not developed "religion" as a
	satisfactory explaination for the unexplained.  Why is this so?

	Further, it appears that only humans have a "need" to explain the
	unexplained.  Why is this so?  The other animals on this planet,
	including those with advanced mental facilities, seem perfectly
	content in their ignorance.

	I'd like to point out that your presuppositions scream out at me
	from your unsupported statement.  They are: 1) humans are animal
	*only*; 2) religion exists as a crutch so that the unexplained need
	not be researched; 3) religion was "made up" by humans to address a
	perceived need; 4) the biological aspect of humans is deified (that
	is, all aspects of human life can be categorized in a hierarchical
	structure with biology at the apex).

	Needless to say, I disagree with your strong opinion #1 and the
	underlying presuppositions.


	I disagree that Christianity is "an infectious cult".  It has
	certainly shown itself to be persistent as a belief system, in
	spite of various persecutions throughout the past two millenia.
	That it continues to persevere does not demonstrate that it is
	"infectious" in a derrogatory sense; it may be that it provides
	a workable system for its adherents (and I would argue that this
	is the case).

	I disagree that Christianity is "a safety blanket" which supplants
	hope and purpose.  Rather, it points an individual to the one
	Source of hope and purpose.  There is nothing hidden about a
	Christian's source for hope and purpose.  Of what usefulness to
	you is the distinction between internally motivated hope and purpose
	and externally given hope and purpose?  Is the (apparent) loss of
	control over one's own life the problem or is it something else?

	Finally, one does not appropriate "eternal happiness" by following
	Christian moral standards.  Indeed, the sole reason for the existance
	of Christianity is *because* standards are inadequate to save people
	from their imperfections.  Moral standards are merely guides to the
	Christian; the real power to moral living is given to the Christian
	in the Person of God's Spirit.

	Heaven is one of two final states that
	Christian doctrine postulates.  However, Christians are generally
	not motivated to live according to Christian moral standards by this
	promised future reward; rather, they are motivated by the perceived
	benefits to them in the here-and-now.


	Many Christian organizations are concerned with evangelism as a
	priority, and rightly so (for it was Jesus Himself who gave this
	as a priority for His followers).  However, it is not the penultimate
	priority as evangelism is normally understood (i.e. preach the word,
	convert at nearly any cost, repeat with new convert ad infinitum).
	Rather, such evangelism is generally best done through respecting
	the opinions of others while *demonstrating* the very real benefits
	of a Christian lifestyle.  This demonstration should be so powerful
	that it compels the non-Christian to seek out the Christian to ask
	"Why?"  Needless to say, such a demonstration is not easily accom-
	plished (it takes a radical committment to the person of Jesus), it
	does not happen quickly (so perseverance on the part of the Christian
	is required), and it cannot occur where no personal bonds of
	friendship exist (it is ineffective with strangers who cannot
	evaluate the demonstration over time, and it is easy to alienate or
	harm others if the sole purpose of being a "friend" is to gain a
	conversion).

	As a long-time Christian (nearly 20 years), I view with some skep-
	ticism *all* evangelism programs which incorporate a "hurry-up"
	attitude.  Pressured conversions may ultimately be worse than no
	conversion at all (because the pressured convert realizes s/he was
	coerced and disavows Christianity when they would have been open
	to it in the future had they not been taken advantage of now).
	The Bible states that it is the very Spirit of God which brings
	conviction of wrong-doing to people.  I am content to do my part
	(witness) and let the Spirit do the rest.


	We are far more than animals.  We sleep, eat, reproduce, and die
	just as other animals do - true.  But, we are also capable of more
	than this.  If your personal vision of humanity (or of yourself) is
	so limited, I can only hope and pray ;-) that you will someday find
	a more expansive view.

	(For reflection, what animals have the wide variety of performing
	arts that humans do?  How is it that humans can learn the language
	of other humans (or animals) but that other animals cannot do so?
	How is it that humans can organize themselves in various social
	structures whereas other animals have only one structure?)


	Blatant assertion.  Christianity is not physically addictive.
	Christianity is not psychologically addictive.  Christianity is not
	a *thing* which one snorts/ingests/shoots-up; it is a relationship
	with a living being.  You might as validly characterize any close-
	knit relationship with this appelation.


	There are "Jesus freaks" who let the emotional aspects of worship
	and Christian living gain (and retain) the upper hand.  Even so,
	this does not by itself invalidate the foundation from which these
	things flow.


	Guilty by association?  That "christianity" which forces itself
	upon another is not Christianity at all.


	You appear to have an amazing certainty about what really happened
	2000 years ago.  How did you come by it?

	I cannot accept your conclusion that Jesus' influence was a sole
	result of the Roman sack of Jerusalem in 70AD.  He was 30+ years
	gone by this time.  It strains the bounds of credulity to assert
	that nothing about Jesus' life was noteworthy _until_ the sack.


	Christianity is having a relationship with Jesus Christ Himself.
	What do you know of Him?


It doesn't make a whole lot of difference, actually, since they weren't
building spares of the station hardware anyway.  (Dumb.)  At least this
is only one launch to fail.


The book is called "27 basic fundamental beliefs" or something very close to 
that.  the number *IS* 27, not 30.  I have a copy at home (i'm away at 
school.)

I was at an interesting seminar at work (UK's R.A.L. Space Science
Dept.) on this subject, specifically on a small-scale Solar Sail
proposed as a student space project. The guy giving the talk was keen to
generate interest in the project. I'll typein the handout he gave out at
the meeting. Here goes : 

			The Microlight Solar Sail
			-------------------------

1. Introduction
The solar sail is a well-established concept. Harnessing the pressure of
sunlight, a spacecraft would have unlimited range. In principle, such a
vehicle could explore the whole Solar System with zero fuel consumption.

However it is more difficult to design a practical solar sail than most
people realize. The pressure of sunlight is only about one kilogram per
square kilometer. Deploying and controlling the large area of aluminized
fabric which would be necessary to transport a 'conventional' type
spacecraft is a daunting task. This is why, despite the potential of hte
idea, no such craft has actually been launched to date.

2.Design
Recent advances in microelectronics make possible a different concept: a
tiny sail just a few metres in diameter which could be controlled purely
be electronics, with no mechanical parts. Several attitude control
methods are feasible: for example the pressure sunlight exerts on a
panel of solar cells varies according to whether power is being drawn.

The key components of the craft will be a minute CCD camera developed at
Edinburgh University which can act as both attitude sensor and data
gathering device; solar cells providing ~1 watt power for control and
communication; and a directional radio antenna etched onto the surface
of the sail itself. Launched as a piggyback payload, the total cost of
the mission can be limited to a few tens of thousands of dollars.

3.Missions
The craft would be capable of some ambitious missions. For example:
a) It could rendezvous with a nearby asteroid from the Apollo or Amor
groups. Closeup pictures could be transmitted back to Earth at a low bit
rate.
b) It could be steered into a lunar polar orbit. Previously unobserved
areas around the lunar poles could be viewed. By angling the sail to
reflect sunlight downwards, polar craters whose bases never receive
sunlight could be imaged. Bright reflections would confirm that
volatiles such as water ice have become trapped in these
locations.[Immensely valuable information for setting up a manned lunar
base, BTW]
c) It could be sent to rendezvous with a small asteroid or comet
nucleus. Impacting at low speed, a thin wire probe attached to the craft
causes it to rebound while capturing a tiny sample is a sharp-edged
tube, like performing a biopsy. Returning to Earth, the sail acts as an
ideal re-entry parachute: load per unit area 20 gm/m2 ensures that heat
is reradiated so efectively that the sail temperature cannot exceed ~300
deg C. The material sample is recovered, enclosed in a small insulating
container.

Contact: Colin Jack                              Tel. 0865-200447
Oxford Mathematical Designs, 131 High Street, Oxford OX1 4DH, England

--------------------------------

This guy would love to hear from anyone interested in this project or
seeking details or anything, and would be most happy to send you more
information.

	Andy



-- 

Not entirely.  Its not a premise, its a conclusion.  Second, that scientists
(for the most part) exlude the possibility is not a problem, its a necessity. 
Scientists are empircists, not theologians.


So do scientists, and long before you did.  Clearly you have a deep and 
fundamental misunderstanding of science.


Absolutely and utterly false (except for some were AMHs). Lucy (Australopithecus
afarensis, ca. 3 to 3.25 mya) is 40% complete, and about 80% taking into 
consideration bilateral symmetry.  Lucy walked upright and bipedally, just 
like humans, and the two share a remarkably similar dental pattern.  Her
cranial morphology is unlike humans or modern apes.  There are hundreds of 
other specimens of this and other species, of which only some are *partially* 
reconstructed.  They exist Bill.  You can touch them, feel them, hold them.  
But forget hominids.  The earth, the universe, the cultural record all look and 
test out as ancient indeed.  They are not reconstructions.  Has God has tricked
us here too?  It won't go away, Bill.
  


So *you* and other fundamentalists say.  What about the billions who don't 
say so?  Beware of people who say they have the truth, Bill, and reconsider
each time you think you do.


That was not your point, Bill.  Your point above was God *has* the power ....
Scientists generally agree with that.  That's a far cry from saying God did.
Please attempt to understand your own posts.
 

I have your info, and I have replied - several days ago.  Hope you have it.  
Somehow your post above appeared at my server only today.



The Bible does tell us that governments are ordained by God (Romans 13).
 And furthermore, God foreknows everything that would happen.  It is
just to difficult for humans to graps with our limited minds, the
inevitablity of the sucess of God's plan, and this is especially hard to
grasp when we see governemnts doing evil.  However, though they are
doing evil (and we should not cooperate with them when they do such), it
must be understood that what happens is what God wanted so as to lead to
the final sucess of His plan to save as many souls from hell as is
possible.  In short, the slaughter in Bosnia, though deplorable in the
eyes of God (maybe, then again, they might be getting their just deserts
now rather than later; there are plenty of examples of God killing
people for their sins - Onan in the Old Testmament for example, and
Annias and Spahira in the New) is what he willed to happen so that His
plan might be accomplished.
    But don't forget, it is not unbiblical for God to use one nation to
execute His just judgement upon another.  The Romans were used to
fulfill the chorus of "Let his blood be upon our hands" of the crowd in
Jersualem.  And Chaldea was chastised by Babylon, which got Israel,
which was inturn gotten by Persia, etc.  God does use nations to punish
other nations, as the Bible very clearly shows in the Old Testament. 
Don't you remember the words of God recorded in Daniel, "Mene, mene,
tekel, peres?"  Babylon had been weighed in the balance scales of God's
justice, found severly wanting, and was thus given over to the Persians
as their due punishment for their rebellion.  Another exammple is the
extirmination of the Cannanites, ordered by God as the task of Israel. 
The Cannanites had been given their chance, found severly wanting, and
the Great Judge, carried out His just sentence accrodingly.  I could go
on with more examples, but I see little need to do so, as my point is
quite clear.
Two things need to be remembered at all times. 1) It is not up to us to
question why God has ordered the world as He has.  In His divine Wisdom,
He made the world as was best in His eyes, and like Paul says in Romans
9, the clay is not one to tlak back to the potter.  2) The message of
Jesus Christ is as follows: "Repent now, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at
hand."  Jesus Christ did not allow any time for dilly-dallying - "Let
the dead bury the dead, come, follow me."  There is not an infinite
amount of time, rather Christ is passing by right now, calling people to
follow Him and become fishers of men.  He does not say, "well, alright,
you can call me back in a week and see if my Kingdom fits in with your
plans."  He said "Follow me."  His message is NOT "I'm just a sweety-pie
who would never hurt a fly, you've got all the time in the world, and
Divine Judgement, that's only a fairy tale."  "Our great God and Savior"
Jesus Christ (Titus 2.5) is also the just and righteous Judge of the
world.  And it is not up to the defendants in the trial to be
questioning his entirely just sentences of either chastisement or mercy.

If you want to live with someone, you can.
If you don't want to have a civil marriage, don't.
If you don't want to have a wedding in a church, don't.
If you want to call that a marriage, go right ahead.

I hope that the young people that are around you, don't follow your example.



  Did the Russian spacecraft(s) on the ill-fated Phobos mission a few
years ago send back any images of the Martian moon?  If so, does anyone know if
they're housed at an ftp site?
  Thanks.
 

I find it interesting that cls never answered any of the questions posed. 
Then he goes on the make statements which make me shudder.  He has
established a two-tiered God.  One set of rules for the Jews (his people)
and another set for the saved Gentiles (his people).  Why would God
discriminate?  Does the Jew who accepts Jesus now have to live under the
Gentile rules.

God has one set of rules for all his people.  Paul was never against the
law.  In fact he says repeatedly that faith establishes rather that annuls
the law.  Paul's point is germane to both Jews and Greeks.  The Law can
never be used as an instrument of salvation.  And please do not combine
the ceremonial and moral laws in one.

In Matt 5:14-19 Christ plainly says what He came to do and you say He was
only saying that for the Jews's benefit.  Your Christ must be a
politician, speaking from both sides of His mouth.  As Paul said, "I have
not so learned Christ."  Forget all the theology, just do what Jesus says.
 Your excuses will not hold up in a court of law on earth, far less in
God's judgement hall.







: Are there significant differences between V2.01 and V2.00 ?
: Thank you for helping


No.  As I recall, the only differences are in the 3ds.set parameters - some
of the defaults have changed slightly.  I'll look when I get home and let
you know, but there isn't enough to actually warrant upgrading.


Anything that does not bring me closer to God is a sin. 
(If you think this is too strict, just consider how ambiguous it is.)

This implies that staying the same is a sin. A Christian should
never be satisfied. It does not imply that
having fun is a sin. It does not imply that sleeping is a sin.
It does imply that I sin every day.

A perhaps simpler definition:
Anything that is counter to the two Great Commandments: 
love God, love your neighbor, is a sin.
Anything I do that is not from love is a sin.

The same action can be a sin sometimes and not a sin sometimes.

I could yell at my kids as discipline, all the time loving them,
considering only to teach them proper behavior, or I could yell at my
kids out of anger or selfishness.

I could post an excellent article because I am interested in sharing
my opinions and getting feedback and learning, or I could post an
article because I want everyone to realize how wise I am.
I am looking for some information about 3D animation stations that
are currently on the market.  The price of the station can be from 5K-20K, 
but no more than $20,000.00.  Type of workstation doesnt matter (PC, MAC, 
SGI etc..) .  If you use or have bought/looked at one or can suggest your
dream machine, then please mail me your configurations.  I need the following.

	1. Type of station (PC, MAC etc.. )
	2. Expandibilty of the machine.
	3. Software that can run on it
	4. VTR Controller and/or VTR deck model/name.
	5. Vendors names and numbers.

Thanks in advance.




If I am not mistaken, the Jewish family names Cohen, Kahn, etc.
are considered to be legitimate indicators of descent from Aaron.
The family names Levi, Levene, etc. are considered to be legitimate
indicators of descent from Levi. The main legal issue is the purification
of the priesthood, which is supposed to involve finding the ashes of
of the red heifer last used for this purpose 2000 years ago.
_______________________________________________________________________________
Hello,

    I am searching for rendering software which has been developed
to specifically take advantage of multi-processor computer systems.
Any pointers to such software would be greatly appreciated.
    
Thanks.

This discussion is better followed in talk.politics.space
Joseph Cain		cain@geomag.gly.fsu.edu   
cain@fsu.bitnet		scri::cain
(904) 644-4014		FAX (904) 644-4214 or -0098



Stone, DeRose: Geometric characterization of parametric cubic curves.
ACM Trans. Graphics 8 (3) (1989) 147 - 163.


Manocha, Canny: Detecting cusps and inflection points in curves.
Computer aided geometric design 9 (1992) 1-24.
Does anyone have any Russian Contacts (Space or other) or contacts in the old
USSR/SU or Eastern Europe?

Post them here so we all can talk to them and ask questions..
I think the cost of email is high, so we would have to  keep the content to
specific topics and such..

Basically if we want to save Russia and such, then we need to make contacts,
contacts are a form of info, so lets get informing.

==
Michael Adams, nsmca@acad3.alaska.edu -- I'm not high, just jacked
I'm looking for the following paper:

Marlow, S. and Powell, M.J.D.
A FORTRAN subroutine for plotting the part of a conic that is inside a given
triangle. Rep. R-8336, Atomic Energy Res. Establishment, Harwell, England
1976

Or anything related (including 3D cases)
 Max
--
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Max Froumentin                    |
Laboratoire d'Informatique        |  "Always better, never first."         
Fondamentale de Lille             |         - Tigran Petrossian
France                            |
This may be a fairly routine request on here, but I'm looking for a fast
polygon routine to be used in a 3D game.  I have one that works right now, but
its very slow.  Could anyone point me to one, pref in ASM that is fairly well
documented and flexible?
	Thanx,
            //Lucas.





Is it appropriate for the Lord not to reveal certain 
things before the world (i.e., publish them widely)?

These things sacred to Himself.  He may place any 
pre- or post-conditions He feels are necessary.

Moreover, there are precedents in scripture where
knowledge of sacred things is withheld:

1. After the Transfiguration Jesus instructed
Peter, James, and John to "tell the vision to no 
man, until the Son of man be risen again from 
the dead" (Matt. 17:9).  
If we were living at the time of Savior, there
would be no (public) record of this event.

2. A faithful friend of Paul experiences a vision 
of "paradise" when he "heard unspeakable words, 
which it is not lawful for a man to utter"
(2 Cor. 12:4).
This person heard something which Paul can not 
write to the Corinthians (and us).

3. There is an incident recorded in the Book of
Mormon where words uttered by "babes" were 
"forbidden that there should not any man write
them (3 Nephi 26:16, the entire text follows
for those of you without access to the BOM).

3 Nephi 26:16
Behold, it came to pass on the morrow that the 
multitude gathered themselves together, and they
both saw and heard these children; yea, even 
babes did open their mouths and utter marvelous
things; and the things which they did utter were
forbidden that there should not any man write them.

Some LDS scholars speculate that these words
which could not be written are the sacred
portions from temple we are to withhold from 
the world (but it could be something else).


There is much we can discuss about the temple 
ordinances.  We can discuss regarding baptisms
and other vicarious ordinances for the dead.
We can discuss certain concepts regarding the
endowment ("the ritual").
However, there are certain elements I can not
discuss with anyone (including other saints)
outside of the temple.
As a portion of the endowment, we receive the
tokens and signs that will permit us access
to Heaven.  I must keep this knowledge sacred 
and respect the conditions under which it is
revealed to me.


Who says there is no mineral rights to be given? Who says? The UN or the US
Government? 
Major question is if you decide to mine the moon or Mars, who will stop you?
The UN can't other than legal tom foolerie.. Can the truly inforce it?

If you go to the moon as declare that you are now a soverign nation, who will
stop you from doing it. Maybe not acknowledge you? 

Why can't a small company or corp or organization go an explore the great
beyond of space? what right does earth have to say what is legal and what is
not.. Maybe I am a few years ahead on this.. It is liek the old Catholic Church 
stating which was Portugals and what was Spains, and along came the Reformation
and made it all null and void.. 

What can happen is to find a nation which is acknowledged, and offer your
services as a space miner and then go mine the asteroids/mars/moon or what
ever.. As long as yur sponsor does not get in trouble..
Basically find a country who wants to go into space, but can't for soem reason
or another, but who will give you a "home".. Such as Saudia Arabia or
whatever..
There are nations in the World who are not part of the UN, got to them and
offer your services and such.. I know that sound crazy, but. is it..
Also once you have the means to mine the moon (or whatever) then just do it.
The UN if done right can be made to be so busy with something else, they will
not care.. 
If your worried about the US, do the same thing..

Why be limited by the short sighted people of earth.. After all they have many
other things to worry about that if someone is mining the Moon or MArs or what
ever..
Basically what I am saying is where is that drive of yeasteryears to go a
little bit farther out, to do jus ta  little bit more, and to tell the crown to
piss off.. If my ancestors thought the way many today think, Id have been born
in Central Europe just north of the Black Sea..

I just read a good book, "Tower of the Gods" Interesting..


Gifts of the Spirit should not be seen as an endorsement of ones behavior.
A lot of people have suffered because of similar beliefs.  Jesus said
that people would come to Him saying "Lord, Lord," and proclaiming
the miraculous works they had done in His name.  Jesus would tell
them that they were workers of iniquity that do not know Him, and to
depart from Him.  

That is not to say that this will happen to everyone who commits a homosexual
sin.  If the Holy Spirit were only given to the morally perfect, He would
not be given to me, or any of us.  God can forgive any sin, if we repent.
But people should be careful not to think, "God has given me a gift of
the Spirit, it must be okay to be gay."  That is dangerous (see also hebrews
6 about those who have partaken of the Holy Spirit and of the powers of 
the world to come.)


Jesus doesn't ask us to change our own nature.  We cannot lift ourselves
out of our own sin- but we must submit to His hand as He changes our
nature.  Practicing homosexual acts and homosexual lusts violates the
morality that God has set forth.  

If you don't believe that, and think those of us who do are just ignorant,
then at least consider us weak in the faith and be celebate for our sake's.
Is practicing homosexuality worth the cost of a soul, whether it be the
homosexual's or the one considered "ignorant?"

What an exciting thread (finally!)

Mitra is Sanskrit for Friend, as such He started out as an avatar of Lord Visnu
 mentioned first in the Vedas. Later he seems to have risen to chief prominence
 worshipped by the Persians. Associated with the Sun but NOT the Sun, he is
 the lord of contract honor and obedience, therefore naturally worshipped by
 soldiers. He was ordered by the Sun to slay the bull of heaven and He reluct-
 antly agreed because of His obligation...the blood of that bull spilled and
 grew all earth life...then Mitra and the Sun sat down to eat.

Worship of Lord Mitra ended in Persia with the ascension of the Zoroastrians.

Hundreds of years later He was rediscovered and thrown into the Official Roman
 Pantheon (tm) for some semi-tricky reason, I forget why. But all references of
 Him ended abruptly when He was stricken from same, so apparently His worship
 was some sort of vehicle for advancement in the bureaucracy, like membership
 in the Communist Party was in the Soviet Bloc. The sociology of religion in
 ancient times is fascinating!

Oh, His B-day was 25 Dec. Ahem.

I am not sure if the mystery cult really lasted after His was booted from the
 Roman Imperial God Roster or what. It contained mostly soldiers, with 7 levels
 of initiation. They worshipped underground in caverns in pews. The bull horns
 in those temples were for scaring away or impaling evil spirits, I'm not sure
 that they had Mithraic significance or not.

I don't know that the ritual meal was of a cannibalistic nature as is the
 Christian masses. But eating deities goes way back to Old Kingdom Egypt.

Someone mentioned bullfighting. Did Mithraists sacrifice bulls? I forget. More
 likely, for a religious source, might be the shower of bull's blood enjoyed
 by the worshippers of Cybele on the Day of Blood? Cybele worship extended all
 throughout even up to France bigtime.

This is a ridiculous argument for being a Christian.  So then, you might 
consider switching from Christianity to another religion if you were 
offered an even more frightening description of another hell?  How many
Christians do think there are who view it strictly as an insurance policy?
Not many I know; they believe in a message of love and compassion for 
others.  A faith based on fear of hell sounds like a dysfunctional 
relationship with God.  Like a child who cringes in fear of a parent's
physical violence.  

Many religions have concrete views of heaven and hell, with various
threats and persuasions regarding who will go where.  Competition over
who can envison the worst hell can hardly nurture the idea of loving
your neighbor as yourself.


i'd just like to repeat and emphasize that because someone else is
trying to make you feel horrible and worthless does not mean that you
should feel that way, although that's easier to say than believe
sometimes.  remember, God made you and loves you, so he must think
you're something special.  (excuse the trite language here.)  also,
the bully may just be someone who is mean for no reason -- not out of
intentional mental torture.  has anyone else been harassed?  maybe
they're just not talking about it.  

i would have emailed but my reactions weren't fast enough and the post
i'm responding to didn't include your address.  just take courage and
remember that all of us on the net are rooting for you.
We have a minivas-2 and we want to record to an Abekas A66.
We have most of the functions working but when we go to
set up a record the minivas hangs. We are sending the
abekas SMPTE time code. Does anyone have code we can
compare to what we have done and is there and ftp site
for minivas and abekas code.

Gordon Phillips
glp@cray.com
Hi net!
Due to further investigation I would like to study the following article:
	Peterson, "Ray tracing general B-Splines",
	Proc. ACM Mountain Regional Conference, April 1986
Unfortunately I didn't find it in any library's register.
If there is anyone having access to this paper or knowing about a
library containing those proceedings (preferrably in Germany), please 
let me know! Any help would be appreciated! 

Thanks a lot, 
Joerg Haber


Having thought about this, why don't you project the 2 lines onto the 2d
plane formed by the lines.  Do an intersection calculation in the plane in
2D, where you're guaranteed a unique solution (unless they're parallel which
won't happen in this case), and then use parametric distance along the lines
from the circle centres to determine the exact point of interest.  This
bypasses the messy error propogation required to do the calculation in 3d.

Hope I haven't put my foot in it again!

steve
---

DMorf (Dave's Morph, I think is what it means) and DTax (Dave's 
TGA Assembler) are available in the MSDOS_UPLOADS directory
on the wuarchive.

They are arjed and bundled with their respective xmemory versions,
dmorfx.exe and dtax.exe, you can also find a version of aaplay.exe
there, with which you can view files you create with dta.exe or
dtax.exe.

I downloaded the whole bunch last week and have been morphing 
away the afternoons since.  The programmes are all a bit buggy and
definitely not-ready-to-spread-to-the-masses, but they are very
well written. 

The interface is frustrating at first, but it gets easy once you
figure out the tricks.

I have noticed that dmorfx will crash horribly if you try to morph
without using the splines option.  Not sure why, since I don't have
the source.  I think it was written for TP 6.0.

If anyone else comes up with any other hints on getting the thing 
to work right, tell me; it took me several hours the first time
just to figure out that if I just used the durned splines then 
it would work...



Because that would contradict your religious beliefs; therefore,
you feel more comfortable simply accusing his sincerity, so you will
not have to critically examine your religious beliefs.

We have been shipping for over one year the Adobe Display PostScript (DPS)
on Silicon Graphics workstations, file servers, and supercomputers.
The Adobe Illustrator 3.5 for Silicon Graphics machines was released
last February.  Adobe and SGI announced last October that Photoshop
will be available on SGI systems in 1993.  Initial release will support 
24-bit color graphics.
TEXT 44

                       bhogaisvarya-prasaktanam
                           tayapahrta-cetasam
                        vyavasayatmika buddhih
                          samadhau na vidhiyate
  
bhoga--to material enjoyment; aisvarya--and opulence; prasaktanam--for
those who are attached; taya--by such things;
apahrta-cetasam--bewildered in mind; vyavasaya-atmika--fixed in
determination; buddhih--devotional service to the Lord; samadhau--in
the controlled mind; na--never; vidhiyate--does take place.
    
                              TRANSLATION

	In the minds of those who are too attached to sense enjoyment and
material opulence, and who are bewildered by such things, the resolute
determination for devotional service to the Supreme Lord does not take
place.
  
                                PURPORT

	Samadhi means ``fixed mind.'' The Vedic dictionary, the Nirukti,
says, samyag adhiyate 'sminn atma-tattva-yathatmyam: ``When the mind is
fixed for understanding the self, it is said to be in samadhi.''
Samadhi is never possible for persons interested in material sense
enjoyment, nor for those who are bewildered by such temporary things.
They are more or less condemned by the process of material energy.

Bhagavad-Gita As It Is
Books of A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami


       ---------------------------------------------------------
      |                Don't forget to chant:                   |
      |                                                         |
      |  Hare Krishna Hare Krishna, Krishna Krishna Hare Hare   |
      |       Hare Rama Hare Rama, Rama Rama Hare Hare          |
      |                                                         |
      |    Kalki's Infoline BBS Aiken, South Carolina, USA      |
      |          (system@kalki33.lakes.trenton.sc.us)           |



Yes.  I cannot remeber which works I read about this in, as it was many 
years ago.  This ritual was called The Tarobaullum I believe, (The 
spelling may be off).

Pope Charles

I built it on a rs6000 (my only Motif machine) works fine.  I added some objects
into dogfight so I could get used to flying.  This was very easy. 
All in all Cool!.  
Brian

Hello,
I purchased my new 486 with a NoName graphics card installed which is obviously 
Speedstar 24 compatible. Its name is "VGA 4000 TrueColor".
It is accompanied with some drivers and the utilities VMODE, XMODE and
at least one more MODE, as well as some drivers for Lotus, Windows, etc.
Only one of the drivers is told to provide the TrueColor mode, namely
the Windows 3.1 driver.
Nowhere else, except in the ad, is any pointer to the TrueColor mode.
Some articles in this group about the Speedstar 24 and some other facts
made me believe that my card is compatible to that one.

Does anybody out there know how this mode can be adjusted? How can I write
a driver which allows me to have 16.7 millions of colors with a resolution
of 640 x 480 with 45 Hz interlaced ?
: >: >> Gilligan = Sloth
: >: >> Skipper = Anger
: >: >> Thurston Howell III = Greed
: >: >> Lovey Howell = Gluttony
: >: >> Ginger = Lust
: >: >> Professor = Pride
: >: >> Mary Ann = Envy
: >
: >Assorted Monkeys= Secular Humanism
: 
: Assorted Headhunters - Godless, Heathen Savagery
: Russian Agent who looks like Gilligan - Godless Communism
: Japanese Sailor - Godless Barbarism
: Walter Pigeon - Godless Bird Turd
: The Mosquitos (Bingo, Bango, Bongo, Irving) - Godless Rock'n'Roll
: Harold Heckuba (Phil Silvers) - Hollywood Hedonism
: John McGiver - Butterfly flicking
: Tonga, the Fake Apeman - Deceit, Lust
: Eva Grubb - Deceit, lust


As many people have mentioned, there is no reason why insurers could not
offer a contract without abortion services for a different premium.
The problem is that there is no guarantee that this premium would be
lower for those who chose this type of contract.  Although you are
removing one service, that may have feedbacks into other types of covered
care which results in a net increase in actuarial costs.

For an illustrative example in the opposite direction, it may be possible
to ADD services to an insurance contract and REDUCE the premium.  If you
add preventative services and this reduces acute care use, then the total
premium may fall.
frank@D012S658.uucp (Frank O'Dwyer) writes ...

To the degree that relativism is a more accurate decription of the
truth than is objectivism, it provides more power and ability to
control events.

Assuming, for the moment, that morals _are_ relative, then two
relativists can recognize that neither has a lock on the absolute
truth and they can proceed to negotiate a workable compromise that
produces the desired results.

Assuming that there is an absolute morality, two disagreeing 
objectivists can either be both wrong or just one of them right; there
is no room for compromise.  Once you beleive in absolute morals,
you must accept that you are amoral or that everyone who disagrees
with you is amoral.

Given a choice between a peaceful compromise or endless contention,
I'd say that compromise seems to be "better".

                                     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Wow! I knew Uranus is a long way off, but I didn't think it was THAT far away!


For better worse, the source on this on is Michael Barnsley. His article
in The Science of Fractal Images (Peitgen et al) is a fair-to-middling
intro. Barnsley's book Fractals Everywhere is a more thorough treatment.
The book covers Iterated Function Systems in general, and their application
to image compression is clear from the text.
I thought that under emergency conditions,  the STS  can
put down at any good size Airport.  IF it could take a C-5 or a
747, then it can take an orbiter.   You just need a VOR/TAC

I don't know if they need ILS.

pat
LARSONIAN Astronomy and Physics

               Orthodox physicists, astronomers, and astrophysicists 
          CLAIM to be looking for a "Unified Field Theory" in which all 
          of the forces of the universe can be explained with a single 
          set of laws or equations.  But they have been systematically 
          IGNORING or SUPPRESSING an excellent one for 30 years! 

               The late Physicist Dewey B. Larson's comprehensive 
          GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the physical universe, which he 
          calls the "Reciprocal System", is built on two fundamental 
          postulates about the physical and mathematical natures of 
          space and time: 
    
               (1) "The physical universe is composed ENTIRELY of ONE 
          component, MOTION, existing in THREE dimensions, in DISCRETE 
          UNITS, and in two RECIPROCAL forms, SPACE and TIME." 
    
               (2) "The physical universe conforms to the relations of 
          ORDINARY COMMUTATIVE mathematics, its magnitudes are 
          ABSOLUTE, and its geometry is EUCLIDEAN." 
    
               From these two postulates, Larson developed a COMPLETE 
          Theoretical Universe, using various combinations of 
          translational, vibrational, rotational, and vibrational-
          rotational MOTIONS, the concepts of IN-ward and OUT-ward 
          SCALAR MOTIONS, and speeds in relation to the Speed of Light 
          (which Larson called "UNIT VELOCITY" and "THE NATURAL 
          DATUM"). 
      
               At each step in the development, Larson was able to 
          MATCH objects in his Theoretical Universe with objects in the 
          REAL physical universe, (photons, sub-atomic particles 
          [INCOMPLETE ATOMS], charges, atoms, molecules, globular star 
          clusters, galaxies, binary star systems, solar systems, white 
          dwarf stars, pulsars, quasars, ETC.), even objects NOT YET 
          DISCOVERED THEN (such as EXPLODING GALAXIES, and GAMMA-RAY 
          BURSTS). 
          
               And applying his Theory to his NEW model of the atom, 
          Larson was able to precisely and accurately CALCULATE inter-
          atomic distances in crystals and molecules, compressibility 
          and thermal expansion of solids, and other properties of 
          matter. 

               All of this is described in good detail, with-OUT fancy 
          complex mathematics, in his books. 
    


          BOOKS of Dewey B. Larson
          
               The following is a complete list of the late Physicist 
          Dewey B. Larson's books about his comprehensive GENERAL 
          UNIFIED Theory of the physical universe.  Some of the early 
          books are out of print now, but still available through 
          inter-library loan. 
    
               "The Structure of the Physical Universe" (1959) 
    
               "The Case AGAINST the Nuclear Atom" (1963)
    
               "Beyond Newton" (1964) 
    
               "New Light on Space and Time" (1965) 
    
               "Quasars and Pulsars" (1971) 
    
               "NOTHING BUT MOTION" (1979) 
                    [A $9.50 SUBSTITUTE for the $8.3 BILLION "Super 
                                                            Collider".] 
                    [The last four chapters EXPLAIN chemical bonding.]

               "The Neglected Facts of Science" (1982) 
     
               "THE UNIVERSE OF MOTION" (1984)
                    [FINAL SOLUTIONS to most ALL astrophysical
                                                            mysteries.] 
      
               "BASIC PROPERTIES OF MATTER" (1988)

               All but the last of these books were published by North 
          Pacific Publishers, P.O. Box 13255, Portland, OR  97213, and 
          should be available via inter-library loan if your local 
          university or public library doesn't have each of them. 

               Several of them, INCLUDING the last one, are available 
          from: The International Society of Unified Science (ISUS), 
          1680 E. Atkin Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah  84106.  This is the 
          organization that was started to promote Larson's Theory.  
          They have other related publications, including the quarterly 
          journal "RECIPROCITY". 

          

          Physicist Dewey B. Larson's Background
    
               Physicist Dewey B. Larson was a retired Engineer 
          (Chemical or Electrical).  He was about 91 years old when he 
          died in May 1989.  He had a Bachelor of Science Degree in 
          Engineering Science from Oregon State University.  He 
          developed his comprehensive GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the 
          physical universe while trying to develop a way to COMPUTE 
          chemical properties based only on the elements used. 
    
               Larson's lack of a fancy "PH.D." degree might be one 
          reason that orthodox physicists are ignoring him, but it is 
          NOT A VALID REASON.  Sometimes it takes a relative outsider 
          to CLEARLY SEE THE FOREST THROUGH THE TREES.  At the same 
          time, it is clear from his books that he also knew ORTHODOX 
          physics and astronomy as well as ANY physicist or astronomer, 
          well enough to point out all their CONTRADICTIONS, AD HOC 
          ASSUMPTIONS, PRINCIPLES OF IMPOTENCE, IN-CONSISTENCIES, ETC.. 
     
               Larson did NOT have the funds, etc. to experimentally 
          test his Theory.  And it was NOT necessary for him to do so.  
          He simply compared the various parts of his Theory with OTHER 
          researchers' experimental and observational data.  And in 
          many cases, HIS explanation FIT BETTER. 
    
               A SELF-CONSISTENT Theory is MUCH MORE than the ORTHODOX 
          physicists and astronomers have!  They CLAIM to be looking 
          for a "unified field theory" that works, but have been 
          IGNORING one for over 30 years now! 
    
               "Modern physics" does NOT explain the physical universe 
          so well.  Some parts of some of Larson's books are FULL of 
          quotations of leading orthodox physicists and astronomers who 
          agree.  And remember that "epicycles", "crystal spheres", 
          "geocentricity", "flat earth theory", etc., ALSO once SEEMED 
          to explain it well, but were later proved CONCEPTUALLY WRONG. 
    
    
               Prof. Frank H. Meyer, Professor Emeritus of UW-Superior, 
          was/is a STRONG PROPONENT of Larson's Theory, and was (or 
          still is) President of Larson's organization, "THE 
          INTERNATIONAL SOCIETY OF UNIFIED SCIENCE", and Editor of 
          their quarterly Journal "RECIPROCITY".  He moved to 
          Minneapolis after retiring. 
    


          "Super Collider" BOONDOGGLE!
          
               I am AGAINST contruction of the "Superconducting Super 
          Collider", in Texas or anywhere else.  It would be a GROSS 
          WASTE of money, and contribute almost NOTHING of "scientific" 
          value. 
    
               Most physicists don't realize it, but, according to the 
          comprehensive GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the late Physicist 
          Dewey B. Larson, as described in his books, the strange GOOFY 
          particles ("mesons", "hyperons", ALLEGED "quarks", etc.) 
          which they are finding in EXISTING colliders (Fermi Lab, 
          Cern, etc.) are really just ATOMS of ANTI-MATTER, which are 
          CREATED by the high-energy colliding beams, and which quickly 
          disintegrate like cosmic rays because they are incompatible 
          with their environment. 
    
               A larger and more expensive collider will ONLY create a 
          few more elements of anti-matter that the physicists have not 
          seen there before, and the physicists will be EVEN MORE 
          CONFUSED THAN THEY ARE NOW! 
    
               Are a few more types of anti-matter atoms worth the $8.3 
          BILLION cost?!!  Don't we have much more important uses for 
          this WASTED money?! 
    
     
               Another thing to consider is that the primary proposed 
          location in Texas has a serious and growing problem with some 
          kind of "fire ants" eating the insulation off underground 
          cables.  How much POISONING of the ground and ground water 
          with insecticides will be required to keep the ants out of 
          the "Supercollider"?! 
    
          
               Naming the "Super Collider" after Ronald Reagon, as 
          proposed, is TOTALLY ABSURD!  If it is built, it should be 
          named after a leading particle PHYSICIST. 
      


          LARSONIAN Anti-Matter
          
               In Larson's comprehensive GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the 
          physical universe, anti-matter is NOT a simple case of 
          opposite charges of the same types of particles.  It has more 
          to do with the rates of vibrations and rotations of the 
          photons of which they are made, in relation to the 
          vibrational and rotational equivalents of the speed of light, 
          which Larson calls "Unit Velocity" and the "Natural Datum". 
     
               In Larson's Theory, a positron is actually a particle of 
          MATTER, NOT anti-matter.  When a positron and electron meet, 
          the rotational vibrations (charges) and rotations of their 
          respective photons (of which they are made) neutralize each 
          other. 
      
               In Larson's Theory, the ANTI-MATTER half of the physical 
          universe has THREE dimensions of TIME, and ONLY ONE dimension 
          of space, and exists in a RECIPROCAL RELATIONSHIP to our 
          MATERIAL half. 
       


          LARSONIAN Relativity
          
               The perihelion point in the orbit of the planet Mercury 
          has been observed and precisely measured to ADVANCE at the 
          rate of 574 seconds of arc per century.  531 seconds of this 
          advance are attributed via calculations to gravitational 
          perturbations from the other planets (Venus, Earth, Jupiter, 
          etc.).  The remaining 43 seconds of arc are being used to 
          help "prove" Einstein's "General Theory of Relativity". 
    
               But the late Physicist Dewey B. Larson achieved results 
          CLOSER to the 43 seconds than "General Relativity" can, by 
          INSTEAD using "SPECIAL Relativity".  In one or more of his 
          books, he applied the LORENTZ TRANSFORMATION on the HIGH 
          ORBITAL SPEED of Mercury. 
    
               Larson TOTALLY REJECTED "General Relativity" as another 
          MATHEMATICAL FANTASY.  He also REJECTED most of "Special 
          Relativity", including the parts about "mass increases" near 
          the speed of light, and the use of the Lorentz Transform on 
          doppler shifts, (Those quasars with red-shifts greater than 
          1.000 REALLY ARE MOVING FASTER THAN THE SPEED OF LIGHT, 
          although most of that motion is away from us IN TIME.). 
     
               In Larson's comprehensive GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the 
          physical universe, there are THREE dimensions of time instead 
          of only one.  But two of those dimensions can NOT be measured 
          from our material half of the physical universe.  The one 
          dimension that we CAN measure is the CLOCK time.  At low 
          relative speeds, the values of the other two dimensions are 
          NEGLIGIBLE; but at high speeds, they become significant, and 
          the Lorentz Transformation must be used as a FUDGE FACTOR. 
          [Larson often used the term "COORDINATE TIME" when writing 
          about this.] 
    
     
               In regard to "mass increases", it has been PROVEN in 
          atomic accelerators that acceleration drops toward zero near 
          the speed of light.  But the formula for acceleration is 
          ACCELERATION = FORCE / MASS, (a = F/m).  Orthodox physicists 
          are IGNORING the THIRD FACTOR: FORCE.  In Larson's Theory, 
          mass STAYS CONSTANT and FORCE drops toward zero.  FORCE is 
          actually a MOTION, or COMBINATIONS of MOTIONS, or RELATIONS 
          BETWEEN MOTIONS, including INward and OUTward SCALAR MOTIONS.  
          The expansion of the universe, for example, is an OUTward 
          SCALAR motion inherent in the universe and NOT a result of 
          the so-called "Big Bang" (which is yet another MATHEMATICAL 
          FANTASY). 
    
                                    
          
          THE UNIVERSE OF MOTION

               I wish to recommend to EVERYONE the book "THE UNIVERSE 
          OF MOTION", by Dewey B. Larson, 1984, North Pacific 
          Publishers, (P.O. Box 13255, Portland, Oregon  97213), 456 
          pages, indexed, hardcover. 
    
               It contains the Astrophysical portions of a GENERAL 
          UNIFIED Theory of the physical universe developed by that 
          author, an UNrecognized GENIUS, more than thirty years ago. 
    
               It contains FINAL SOLUTIONS to most ALL Astrophysical 
          mysteries, including the FORMATION of galaxies, binary and 
          multiple star systems, and solar systems, the TRUE ORIGIN of 
          the "3-degree" background radiation, cosmic rays, and gamma-
          ray bursts, and the TRUE NATURE of quasars, pulsars, white 
          dwarfs, exploding galaxies, etc.. 
    
               It contains what astronomers and astrophysicists are ALL 
          looking for, if they are ready to seriously consider it with 
          OPEN MINDS! 
    
               The following is an example of his Theory's success: 
          In his first book in 1959, "THE STRUCTURE OF THE PHYSICAL 
          UNIVERSE", Larson predicted the existence of EXPLODING 
          GALAXIES, several years BEFORE astronomers started finding 
          them.  They are a NECESSARY CONSEQUENCE of Larson's 
          comprehensive Theory.  And when QUASARS were discovered, he 
          had an immediate related explanation for them also. 
    

 
          GAMMA-RAY BURSTS

               Astro-physicists and astronomers are still scratching 
          their heads about the mysterious GAMMA-RAY BURSTS.  They were 
          originally thought to originate from "neutron stars" in the 
          disc of our galaxy.  But the new Gamma Ray Telescope now in 
          Earth orbit has been detecting them in all directions 
          uniformly, and their source locations in space do NOT 
          correspond to any known objects, (except for a few cases of 
          directional coincidence). 
    
               Gamma-ray bursts are a NECESSARY CONSEQUENCE of the 
          GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the physical universe developed by 
          the late Physicist Dewey B. Larson.  According to page 386 of 
          his book "THE UNIVERSE OF MOTION", published in 1984, the 
          gamma-ray bursts are coming from SUPERNOVA EXPLOSIONS in the 
          ANTI-MATTER HALF of the physical universe, which Larson calls 
          the "Cosmic Sector".  Because of the relationship between the 
          anti-matter and material halves of the physical universe, and 
          the way they are connected together, the gamma-ray bursts can 
          pop into our material half anywhere in space, seemingly at 
          random.  (This is WHY the source locations of the bursts do 
          not correspond with known objects, and come from all 
          directions uniformly.) 
    
               I wonder how close to us in space a source location 
          would have to be for a gamma-ray burst to kill all or most 
          life on Earth!  There would be NO WAY to predict one, NOR to 
          stop it! 
    
               Perhaps some of the MASS EXTINCTIONS of the past, which 
          are now being blamed on impacts of comets and asteroids, were 
          actually caused by nearby GAMMA-RAY BURSTS! 
    


          LARSONIAN Binary Star Formation
          
               About half of all the stars in the galaxy in the 
          vicinity of the sun are binary or double.  But orthodox 
          astronomers and astrophysicists still have no satisfactory 
          theory about how they form or why there are so many of them. 
    
               But binary star systems are actually a LIKELY 
          CONSEQUENCE of the comprehensive GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of 
          the physical universe developed by the late Physicist Dewey 
          B. Larson. 
    
               I will try to summarize Larsons explanation, which is 
          detailed in Chapter 7 of his book "THE UNIVERSE OF MOTION" 
          and in some of his other books. 
    
               First of all, according to Larson, stars do NOT generate 
          energy by "fusion".  A small fraction comes from slow 
          gravitational collapse.  The rest results from the COMPLETE 
          ANNIHILATION of HEAVY elements (heavier than IRON).  Each 
          element has a DESTRUCTIVE TEMPERATURE LIMIT.  The heavier the 
          element is, the lower is this limit.  A star's internal 
          temperature increases as it grows in mass via accretion and 
          absorption of the decay products of cosmic rays, gradually 
          reaching the destructive temperature limit of lighter and 
          lighter elements. 
    
               When the internal temperature of the star reaches the 
          destructive temperature limit of IRON, there is a Type I 
          SUPERNOVA EXPLOSION!  This is because there is SO MUCH iron 
          present; and that is related to the structure of iron atoms 
          and the atom building process, which Larson explains in some 
          of his books [better than I can]. 
    
               When the star explodes, the lighter material on the 
          outer portion of the star is blown outward in space at less 
          than the speed of light.  The heavier material in the center 
          portion of the star was already bouncing around at close to 
          the speed of light, because of the high temperature.  The 
          explosion pushes that material OVER the speed of light, and 
          it expands OUTWARD IN TIME, which is equivalent to INWARD IN 
          SPACE, and it often actually DISAPPEARS for a while. 
    
               Over long periods of time, both masses start to fall 
          back gravitationally.  The material that had been blown 
          outward in space now starts to form a RED GIANT star.  The 
          material that had been blown OUTWARD IN TIME starts to form a 
          WHITE DWARF star.  BOTH stars then start moving back toward 
          the "MAIN SEQUENCE" from opposite directions on the H-R 
          Diagram. 
    
               The chances of the two masses falling back into the 
          exact same location in space, making a single lone star 
          again, are near zero.  They will instead form a BINARY 
          system, orbiting each other. 
     
               According to Larson, a white dwarf star has an INVERSE 
          DENSITY GRADIENT (is densest at its SURFACE), because the 
          material at its center is most widely dispersed (blown 
          outward) in time.   This ELIMINATES the need to resort to 
          MATHEMATICAL FANTASIES about "degenerate matter", "neutron 
          stars", "black holes", etc.. 
    


          LARSONIAN Solar System Formation

               If the mass of the heavy material at the center of the 
          exploding star is relatively SMALL, then, instead of a single 
          white dwarf star, there will be SEVERAL "mini" white dwarf 
          stars (revolving around the red giant star, but probably 
          still too far away in three-dimensional TIME to be affected 
          by its heat, etc.).  These will become PLANETS! 
      
               In Chapter 7 of THE UNIVERSE OF MOTION, Larson used all 
          this information, and other principles of his comprehensive 
          GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the physical universe, to derive 
          his own version of Bode's Law. 
          


          "Black Hole" FANTASY!

               I heard that physicist Stephen W. Hawking recently 
          completed a theoretical mathematical analysis of TWO "black 
          holes" merging together into a SINGLE "black hole", and 
          concluded that the new "black hole" would have MORE MASS than 
          the sum of the two original "black holes". 
    
               Such a result should be recognized by EVERYone as a RED 
          FLAG, causing widespread DOUBT about the whole IDEA of "black 
          holes", etc.! 
    
               After reading Physicist Dewey B. Larson's books about 
          his comprehensive GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the physical 
          universe, especially his book "THE UNIVERSE OF MOTION", it is 
          clear to me that "black holes" are NOTHING more than 
          MATHEMATICAL FANTASIES!  The strange object at Cygnus X-1 is 
          just an unusually massive WHITE DWARF STAR, NOT the "black 
          hole" that orthodox astronomers and physicists so badly want 
          to "prove" their theory. 
    
    
               By the way, I do NOT understand why so much publicity is 
          being given to physicist Stephen Hawking.  The physicists and 
          astronomers seem to be acting as if Hawking's severe physical 
          problem somehow makes him "wiser".  It does NOT! 
    
               I wish the same attention had been given to Physicist 
          Dewey B. Larson while he was still alive.  Widespread 
          publicity and attention should NOW be given to Larson's 
          Theory, books, and organization (The International Society of 
          Unified Science). 
          
          
          
          ELECTRO-MAGNETIC PROPULSION

               I heard of that concept many years ago, in connection 
          with UFO's and unorthodox inventors, but I never was able to 
          find out how or why they work, or how they are constructed. 
    
               I found a possible clue about why they might work on 
          pages 112-113 of the book "BASIC PROPERTIES OF MATTER", by 
          the late Physicist Dewey B. Larson, which describes part of 
          Larson's comprehensive GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the physical 
          universe.  I quote one paragraph: 
    
               "As indicated in the preceding chapter, the development 
          of the theory of the universe of motion arrives at a totally 
          different concept of the nature of electrical resistance.  
          The electrons, we find, are derived from the environment.  It 
          was brought out in Volume I [Larson's book "NOTHING BUT 
          MOTION"] that there are physical processes in operation which 
          produce electrons in substantial quantities, and that, 
          although the motions that constitute these electrons are, in 
          many cases, absorbed by atomic structures, the opportunities 
          for utilizing this type of motion in such structures are 
          limited.  It follows that there is always a large excess of 
          free electrons in the material sector [material half] of the 
          universe, most of which are uncharged.  In this uncharged 
          state the electrons cannot move with respect to extension 
          space, because they are inherently rotating units of space, 
          and the relation of space to space is not motion.  In open 
          space, therefore, each uncharged electron remains permanently 
          in the same location with respect to the natural reference 
          system, in the manner of a photon.  In the context of the 
          stationary spatial reference system the uncharged electron, 
          like the photon, is carried outward at the speed of light by 
          the progression of the natural reference system.  All 
          material aggregates are thus exposed to a flux of electrons 
          similar to the continual bombardment by photons of radiation.  
          Meanwhile there are other processes, to be discussed later, 
          whereby electrons are returned to the environment.  The 
          electron population of a material aggregate such as the earth 
          therefore stabilizes at an equilibrium level." 
          
               Note that in Larson's Theory, UNcharged electrons are 
          also massLESS, and are basically photons of light of a 
          particular frequency (above the "unit" frequency) spinning 
          around one axis at a particular rate (below the "unit" rate).  
          ("Unit velocity" is the speed of light, and there are 
          vibrational and rotational equivalents to the speed of light, 
          according to Larson's Theory.)  [I might have the "above" and 
          "below" labels mixed up.] 
    
               Larson is saying that outer space is filled with mass-
          LESS UN-charged electrons flying around at the speed of 
          light! 
    
               If this is true, then the ELECTRO-MAGNETIC PROPULSION 
          fields of spacecraft might be able to interact with these 
          electrons, or other particles in space, perhaps GIVING them a 
          charge (and mass) and shooting them toward the rear to 
          achieve propulsion. (In Larson's Theory, an electrical charge 
          is a one-dimensional rotational vibration of a particular 
          frequency (above the "unit" frequency) superimposed on the 
          rotation of the particle.) 
      
               The paragraph quoted above might also give a clue to 
          confused meteorologists about how and why lightning is 
          generated in clouds. 



          SUPPRESSION of LARSONIAN Physics

               The comprehensive GENERAL UNIFIED Theory of the physical 
          universe developed by the late Physicist Dewey B. Larson has 
          been available for more than 30 YEARS, published in 1959 in 
          his first book "THE STRUCTURE OF THE PHYSICAL UNIVERSE". 
    
               It is TOTALLY UN-SCIENTIFIC for Hawking, Wheeler, Sagan, 
          and the other SACRED PRIESTS of the RELIGION they call 
          "science" (or "physics", or "astronomy", etc.), as well as 
          the "scientific" literature and the "education" systems, to 
          TOTALLY IGNORE Larson's Theory has they have. 
    
               Larson's Theory has excellent explanations for many 
          things now puzzling orthodox physicists and astronomers, such 
          as gamma-ray bursts and the nature of quasars. 
    
               Larson's Theory deserves to be HONESTLY and OPENLY 
          discussed in the physics, chemistry, and astronomy journals, 
          in the U.S. and elsewhere.  And at least the basic principles 
          of Larson's Theory should be included in all related courses 
          at UW-EC, UW-Madison, Cambridge, Cornell University, and 
          elsewhere, so that students are not kept in the dark about a 
          worthy alternative to the DOGMA they are being fed. 
    
          

               For more information, answers to your questions, etc., 
          please consult my CITED SOURCES (especially Larson's BOOKS). 



               UN-altered REPRODUCTION and DISSEMINATION of this 
          IMPORTANT partial summary is ENCOURAGED. 



	Unless God admits that he didn't do it....

	=)


---  

  " I'd Cheat on Hillary Too."
I've been trying to figure out a way to get Adobe Illustrator
to auto-trace >exactly< what I see on my screen. But it misses
the edges of templates by as many as 6 pixels or more - resulting in images
that are useless  - I need exact tracing, not approximate.

I've tried adjusting the freehand tolerances as well as autotrace
tolerances but it doesn't help. Any suggestions?






Gong!

Take a moment and look at what you just wrote. First you defined
an "objective" morality and then you qualified this "objective" morality
with subjective justifications. Do you see the error in this?

Sorry, you have just disqualified yourself, but please play again.


Only my common sense.  The fire was caused by either Koresh and his
followers or by the FBI/ATF/CIA/KGB/and maybe the Harper Valley PTA.  Since
you are throwing around the evidence arguement, I'll throw it back.  Can
you prove any government agency did it?  (Please don't resort to "they 
covered it up so that proves they did it" or any wild theories about how
the government agencies intentionally started the fire.  The key words
are proof and evidence.)
proves they did it"


Please explain how Koresh was defending himself from those children who
burned.  

<MUNCH!>

It would be funny if it wasn't so damn *NASTY*; and as non-xian as I am, 
it's hard to believe that someone is pushing black is white and freedom
is slavery so blatantly.

I'm waiting for an RC to speak up ! 8-)
Nobody has, so I will...

Those with Bibles on hand can give the exact chapter & verse...
At the time Jesus told Peter that he was the "rock", He said
whatever you hold true on earth is held true in heaven, and 
whatever you don't hold true won't be true in heaven.

Therefore, with respect to marriage, the ceremony has to be
done by an RC priest. No big parties required. Just the priest,
the couple and witnesses. "Divorce" is not allowed. But anullments
are granted upon approval by either the bishop or the Pope 
(not sure if the Pope delegates this function).

-- 
: Currently, I use a shareware program called Graphics Workshop.
: What kinds of things will Hijaak do that these shareware programs
: will not do?

I also use Graphic Workshop and the only differences that I know of are that
Hijaak has screen capture capabilities and acn convert to/from a couple of
more file formats (don't know specifically which one).  In the April 13
issue of PC Magazine they test the twelve best selling image capture/convert
utilities, including Hijaak.


I agree.  Where in the Gospels does Jesus advocate any of the actions
you mention?  

I couldn't find "witch" or "sorceress" in my concordance.  Is there
something in the Epistles about witches?  (I'm still working my way
through the Gospels.)

JJ
Hi there netters,
I have a question I would very much like to see some discussion on:
Is there such a thing as a 'justifible' war? 

What I would love to see it some basis from scripture for either: "All war  
is wrong", or "Some war is justifiable". 

To get things started I would like to outline why I am asking the  
question. In my high school days I had been quite involved in the the New  
Zealand Cadet Forces (This is a bit like ROTC from what I understand of  
it, but with a lot more emphasis on fun than military career training).  
Through this I became extremely enamoured of flying, have become involved  
in the sport of gliding, and have a great interest in military aviation  
hardware as the very best a 'real' flyer could ask for. My favourite  
computer games are the accurate simulations of military aircraft, both  
past and present. 

I became a Christian about 10 years ago, and at the time rejected all  
military activity as immoral. For me, all war was in complete opposition  
to God's commandments to love one another, especially one's enemies.

During the war in Iraq, I found myself with great excitement listening to  
the reports of the effectiveness of the the attacks using the aviation  
technology I so admire - The F117A 'Stealh' bomber, the F14, F15 and F16  
strike aircraft, etc. After the war concluded I began to really enjoy  
simulations based around this conflict - Great to go and bomb Saddam's  
bio-weapons plants in an F117A on my computer, or shoot down some of his  
Mig's in an F16. The simulation of the death of people was a wonderful  
game. I imagine the real pilots view the real thing in much the same way.  
One only has to look at the language used to see that the personal impact  
of war is ignored: A building containing people, or an aircraft flown by a  
pilot is simply a 'target'. Dead civilians are 'collateral damage'. These  
euphanisms are a way of removing the reality of war from the people whose  
support are necessary for the continued waging of war - One only has to  
look at Vietnam to see how important public opinion is.

Now we see troops sponsored by the United Nations entering Somalia, and  
the prospect of military intervention in the Muslim/Croat/Serb conflict in  
the former Yugoslavia. My revulsion in particular to the siege of  
Sarajevo, and in the last few days of (sorry 'bout spelling) Sebrenitsa,  
has caused me to rethink where I stand on 'justifiable' war.

I will list several wars in the last 50 years I can look at each, and say  
- Yes this may have been justifible, this may not. These are simply my gut  
reactions to each - In many cases with the benefit of the impartiality  
history brings. Let me go through a few and state some of my reasons for  
my reaction - I am not a historian, so excuse any historical blunders, I  
am working from popular history as it is known in New Zealand.

1. The Second World War
	- Murder of Jews - Hitler had to be stopped.
	- Massive civilian casualties on both sides 
		- Dresden, Hiroshima/Nagasaki
	- Probably justifiable.

2. Korean war
	- Political expansionism by North Korea, basically
	  communism vs. capitalism.
	- Probably not justifiable.

3. Vietnam
	- As above, worsened by US involvement.

4. Vietnamese invasion of Cambodia.
	- Genocide by Khmer Rouge.
	- Probably justifiable.

5. Iraq (Desert Storm)
	- Political expansionism, threat to world oil supply
	- Other factors such as genocide.
	- Not sure, but probably justifiable

6. A future involvement in Bosnia
	- Genocide - so called 'Ethnic Cleansing'
	- Emotive - much TV coverage of atrocities and civilian casualties.
	- Probably justifiable

7. Possible future use of nuclear weapons - tactical or strategic,  
somewhere in the world by the US in response to someone else - e.g. Libya  
or Israel.
	- My feelings in this are simple
	- Nuclear war/weapons are abhorrent
	- I love the New Zealand government's stand on banning all nuclear
	  armed or powered warships from NZ port.
	- Never justifiable.

These are my own views, I have looked at scripture, and I am confused. I  
would appreciate others view, particularly those based on scripture. I  
*don't* want a - Naaahh, yer wrong - I think answers 8-).

Thanks for your help.

==========================================================================
                                    |
Alastair Thomson,                   | Phone +64-3-479-8347
Chief Programmer,                   | Fax   +64-3-479-8529
The Black Albatross Porject,        |
University of Otago,                |
Department of Computer Science,     | e-mail alastair@farli.otago.ac.nz
P.O. Box 56                         |        athomson@otago.ac.nz
Dunedin                             | NeXTmail Welcome
New Zealand                         |
 
   "God loved the world so much, that he gave us His Son, to die in 
    our place, so that we may have eternal life" John 3:16, paraphrase

iank@microsoft.com (Ian Kennedy) writes...


More along the lines of Hebrews 12:25-29, I reckon...

	See that you refuse not him that speaks. For if they
	escaped not who refused him that spake on earth, much 
	more shall not we escape, if we turn away from him that 
	speaks from heaven:

	Whose voice then shook the earth: but now he has promised,
	saying, Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also
	heaven.

	And this word, Yet once more, signifies the removing of
	those things that are shaken, as of things that are made,
	that those things which cannot be shaken may remain.

	Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, 
	let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably 
	with reverence and godly fear:

	For our God is a consuming fire.


Or 2nd Thessalonians 1:7-10...

	And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord
	Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,
 	In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God,
	and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:

	Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from 
	the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power;
 	When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be
	admired in all them that believe (because our testimony 
	among you was believed) in that day. 


Kinda gives Flaming a whole new meaning, I reckon. 

			      - < > -

The impression I got from talking with Livingston was that the coming
of the Lord, power-wise, is going to be something that those who are
unprepared can't handle -- kinda like overloading a fuse -- due to 
guilt. Somehow it seems to also apply to the entire physical world as 
we know it. LF suggests that God doesn't want that and has sent Koresh 
as a reminder. 

Seems that those who have been purified through salvation, or that those
protected by the Seals, will be the ones who survive. And no -- I don't 
have a good idea yet what "being shielded by the seals" actually involves 
or how exactly it relates to salvation. (Other than it involves the
marriage of the Bridegroom and the Bride... for those of you Biblical
well versed.)
			     - < > -

Me personally, I'm totally 100% dependent on God through Christ, so 
if God wants me to understand, good. If not, also good. If God wants
to save me, or dispose of me, that's great either way. Being born in
the Spirit, means being part of the Body of Christ (Ephesians 2), so
who and what I was, matters little. * What's important is loving GOD *

Come Nova, Nuke, or Apocalypse -- who cares? Satan might even be able 
to pull off a pretty convincing fake. Big deal. Not worth fearing or 
worrying about though, not before:


		   -* The Greater Glory of GOD *-
 	

Maybe Koresh is right, maybe he isn't, and it should be interesting to 
see the new message (or prophecy). The tour of the Bible I've taken in 
studying the passages he points to in the 3-02 text, has been most re-
warding. But the test of prophecy is still the fruit it bears -- which 
is not yet clear. 

Much much more important is "Charity" -- which by definition *is* --

	                   Love for GOD

(I hope Dear Reader, you've taken all this as an expression of faith, 
 and not a statement of mere fact. Seems many folks get real upset at 
 reminders. ;-)



No, VGALIB?  Amazing..  I guess it was lost in all those subdirs :-)
Thanks for correcting me.  It doesn't sound very appealing though, only
320x200?  I'm glad it wasn't something major I missed.
}>}(a) out of context;
}>Must have missed when you said this about these other "promises of god" that we keep
}>getting subjected to.  Could you please explain why I am wrong and they are OK?
}>Or an acknowledgement of public hypocrisy. Both or neither.
}
}So, according to you, Jim, the only way to criticize one person for
}taking a quote out of context, without being a hypocrite, is to post a
}response to *every* person on t.r.m who takes a quote out of context?

Did I either ask or assert that?  Or is this your misaimed telepathy at work again?

}>BTW to David Josli:  I'm still waiting for either your public
}>acknowledgement of your
}>telepathy and precognition (are you a witch?) or an appology and retraction.
}
}Can you wait without whining? To pass the time, maybe you should go
}back and read the portions of my article that you so conveniently
}deleted in your reply.  You'll find most of your answers there.  

Nope:  In particular:
Example of telepathy?

What threat.  Produce it.

More telepathy?  Or maybe just empathic telepathy, capable of determining emotional states.

More telepathy.  How do you know "trying"?!?!?

Precognition?  Substantiate.  

Women who are known not to want abortion services, for example,
might be judged to be more likely to require prenatal care &
coverage for childbirth... which can be an order of magnitude
more expensive than abortion. 

This topic should really be restricted to talk.abortion, which
exists to relieve t.r.m & t.p.m of abortion flamage.  






Ditto here too...




It is true that Mormons believe that all spirits (including Jesus,
Lucifer, Robert Weiss) are in the same family.  It does not mean
that Jesus was created, but rather that Lucifer and Robert Weiss
were not.  I agree that this is a "heresy".  So what?  
The sweating of blood in Gethsemene is
not a basic Mormon doctrine.  Jesus did not perform the atonement
in Getheseme alone, as some anti-Mormons are trying to teach.  
As far as the "unpardonable sin" whatever that is, it is Biblical,
and not specifically Mormon.  It is also called the sin against
the Holy Ghost.  Most Bible scholars (other than conservative
ones) do not believe Jehovah and Elohim were always the same.
I'm sure you've heard of the J and the E texts?  I don't
know what you mean by "That He needed to be saved".  Jesus?
Jehovah?  Elohim?  In Mormon doctrine, Jesus was sinless,
and thus did not "need to be saved".  


-- 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gordon Banks  N3JXP      | "Skepticism is the chastity of the intellect, and
geb@cadre.dsl.pitt.edu   |  it is shameful to surrender it too soon." 
I need to get the specs, or at least a very verbose interpretation of the
specs, for QuickTime.  Technical articles from magazines and references to
books would be nice too.

I also need the specs in a format usable on a Unix or MS-DOS system.  I can't
do much with the QuickTime stuff they have on ftp.apple.com in its present
format.

Thanks in advance.
I've just read Richard Langley's latest "Navstar GPS Constellation Status".

It states that the latest satellite was placed in Orbit Plane Position C-3.
There is already one satellite in that position. I know that it's almost
ten years since that satellite was launched but it's still in operation so
why not use it until it goes off?

Why not instead place the new satellite at B-4 since that position is empty
and by this measure have an almost complete GPS-constellation
(23 out of 24)?

/Thomas
================================================================================
Ericsson Telecom, Stockholm, Sweden
prb@access.digex.com (Pat) Pontificated: 
What I was getting at in my post is whether or not it might be
possible to put enough brains on board future deep-space probes
for them to automatically avoid such things as looking at the
sun or going into an uncontrolled tumble.  

I heard once that the voyagers had a failsafe routine built in
that essentially says "If you never hear from Earth again,
here's what to do."  This was a back up in the event a receiver
burnt out but the probe could still send data (limited, but
still some data).  

Since this would be a shutdown that may never be refunded for
startup, if some type of cosmic BEM took out the probe, it might
not be such a big loss.  Obviously you can't plan for
everything, but the most obvious things can be considered.


Very easily. Show them pictures of crime scenes perpetrated by Christian
terrorists in this country, if that doesn't convince them have them talk
to the victims of Christian terrorism. 

A brutal act of terrorism inspired by Christian propoganda was recently
commited on your very campus. 

Its very simple religious extremists of all religions put no value on
human life. Christian and Islamic fundamentalists put advancing there
religion above all else, even if doing so violates the religion itself.

P.S. I'm not saying all Christians are terrorists, I'm using "Christian
     terrorist" in the same way the media uses Islamic terrorist.
    |                                                                     
    |> Religion (especially Christianity) is nothing more than a DRUG.    
    |> Some people use drugs as an escape from reality.  Christians inject
    |> themselves with jeezus and live with that high.                    
    |                                                                     
    |Your logic is falty.  If Christianity is a DRUG, and once we die we  
    |die, then why would you be reluctant to embrase this drug so that    
    |while you are alive you enjoy yourself.                              
    |                                                                     

Pardon the harshness that follows...

Once, I told a cradle christian: Please do not take advantage of Jesus
or anybody for the sake of your own (selfish) realization or search
for true faith/religion/belonging/'being in'/fear of hell/vanity/etc.  
Instead of serving yourself, _we must be serving Him_.  
*Until you have comprehended this truth, you are only doing things for your 
own egoism.*

Let us not use Jesus, our religion, the Bible, anything or
anybody as a means of escape or getting ecstatic or high.
We are God's children and we must have a true and authentic
relationship with our Father with obedience, faith, hope and 
love and works (the last as the most important).

Beware of our 'materialistic', 'worldly' and 'selfish' motives.  
Atheists have this ground against us and I believe they are right about
*some* who call themselves 'christians'.
Hi there

I am very interested in Rayshade 4.00. I have managed to make a chessboard
for Rayshade. Unfortunately I still have to do the knight (horse). Any ideas?
I am also looking for a surface for the chesspieces. The board is marble.
Unfortunately black won't work very well for the one side. Anybody with ideas
for nice surfaces?

I would also like to use the image command of rayshade and the heightfield
command. Unfortunately the manual is very vague about this, and I don't have
Craig Kolb's email address. Anybody with ideas, because this is essential
for my next venture into raytracing.

Where should I post the finished chessboard?

Is there anybody else using rayshade on non-Unix systems?

How fast does Unix render?

Thanks

I don't claim to be an expert on the branch Davidians, but I might know more 
than most.

The Branch Davidian group (led by Koresh) is actually one of two off-shoots 
of a group known as the Shephard's Rod.  The Shephard's Rod (now 
defunct as far as I know)broke off from the SDA Church in the 30's.

The Shephard's Rod broke away from the SDA Church because they felt that the 
SDA Church was becoming weak and falling into apostacy.  They felt that they 
were the remnant spoken about in Revelation.

About the Koresh group, Koresh gained control of it in 1987 or 1988.  Once 
in control, he made himself the center of it. He proclaimed himself as 
Christ.

Koresh himself came from an SDA background. He was excommunicated as a young 
adult by the local congregation for trying to exert too much control over 
the youth in the church.  After this, he joined the Branch Davidians.

They were/are a survivalist cult. This is why they had the stockpile of 
weapons, food, a bomb shelter, etc.  They had no intent of raiding the US 
government or anything. They were preparing for Armaggedon and were 
putting themselves in a self defense position.  

In my opinion, if the ATF and the FBI had left well enough alone, we wouldn'
t have the blood of 20+ children crying out from the ashes in Waco.

If you want to know about The Shephard's Rod, you might want to visit the 
local SDA church and talk to some of the older people.  They could give you 
some insight into where Koresh got his theology.



Apple just released the Quicktime volume of the new Inside Macintosh series.
Any bookstore with reasonable technical stock should have it.
Sorry for posting this, but my e-mail keeps bouncing.  Maybe it will
help others here, anyway, and therefore I pray others will read this.  It is
actually a response from my Aunt, who has 5 kids, since I have none yet.

     I'm posting this for a good Christian relative who does not have e-mail
access.  Since this aunt and uncle have 5 kids I felt they would be more
relevant than I, who have none (yet).

     13-year-old (13YO) twins, 10YO boy, 6.5YO boy, 2YO girl

     I don't call it spanking, but they do, so yes, very rarely.

     I don't call it spanking because it's more of a reaction to something
very dangerous, such as trying to stick their finger in a fan or running
into the road.  Maybe 3-4 times for each except for the 2YO girl, who has
not been spanked yet.
     They call it that because it *does* hurt their feelings, and of course
I give all the hugs and stuff to ensure they know they're still loved.

     No, that would be too painful.  If it's too traumatic they never recall
why they were punished.  Besides, it must be immediate, and taking the time
to go get a toolmeans you're not doing it right away, and that lessens the
impact.  It's very emotional for a child as it is - which is evidenced by the
fact that a little slap on the rear - which hurts for perhaps 5 seconds -
is called a spanking.
     Lots of logical consequences - for instance, when 4YO Matthew dared
a good friend to jump out of his treehouse or he would push him out, I made
sure they didn't play together for 5 days so he'd know that would make him
lose friends very quickly.  He's never done anything like that since.
     We also use time-out in their rooms - I use a timer so they don't keep
arguing with me over leaving, since it's hard to argue with a macine.
I will go to the closed door and tell them timeout won't be over until they
calm down if they're too tantrumy.  I use the top of the stairs when they're
really young.

     40

     Bath, Ohio.  It's right outside of Akron, in the northeast part of Ohio.

     No, and none of my kids would dream of it.  I hope you can use this to
teach all parents that physical punishment isn't always required - parents use
that as an excuse to hit too hard.

     Lots of timeouts, same as I use.  Our family and my husband's have never
used spankings.  In fact, my grandmother in law was one of 11 kids, and they
were almost never spanked.  This was around the turn of the century.  And,
none of us has ever been afoul of the law - man-made or God's law.
     Jesus says, referring to a small child whom he is holding, that "what
ye do to the least of these, ye do also to me."  The Bible also says in all
things to be kind, and merciful, and especially loving. (Colossians 3:12-15.)
There is no room for selfish anger, which I'll admit I've been tempted with
at times.  When I've felt like spanking hard in anger, maybe the kid deserved
a little slap on the rear, but what I would have given would have been the
devil's work.  I could feel the temptation, and just angrily ordered the kid
to his/her room and went to my room myself.  After praying and asking God's
forgiveness, I was much calmer, and did not feel like spanking, but felt that
what I had done was enough punishment.
Let's see. These aren't, in a strict sense, amateur rockets. That term
denotes rockets, the engines of which are constructed by the user. The
rockets you describe are called HPR, or high power rockets, to
distinguish them from (smaller) model rockets. They use factory-made
ammonium perchlorate composite propellants in phenolic plastic engines
with graphite nozzles. The engines are classified by impulse. A "D"
engine, for example, can have no more than 20 newton-seconds of impulse.
An "F" engine can have no more than 40 ns. Each letter corresponds to a
doubling of the maximum impulse. So far, engines up to size "O" are
available pretty much off the shelf. Engines of size H and above are
shipped as Class B explosives, and as such are controlled. Engines of
size F and below are shipped as Class C explosives, and are not as
controlled. Class F engines, BTW, are not HPR engines, but model rocket
engines. (Class G engines go in and out of legal limbo.)

There is an HPR Society, The Tripoli Rocket Society, I believe, which
holds events at various sites throughout the year, with all legalities
(FAA waiver included) taken care of. The National Association of
Rocketry is more concerned with engines below H, though it is involved
in HPR as well. These societies certify users of HPR rockets, and
companies will not sell to uncertified individuals.

Bottom Line: It's legit. I suggest you send for a catalog - but forget
the dynamite, will ya?
A while back someone had several equations which could be used for changing 3 f
iltered grey scale images into one true color image.  This is possible because
it's the same theory used by most color scanners.  I am not looking for the obv
ious solution which is to buy a color scanner but what I do need is those equat
ions becasue I am starting to write software which will automate the conversion
 process.  I would really appreciate it if someone would repost the 3 equations
/3 unknowns.   Thanks for the help!!!

Does anyone know of a site where I could ftp some RenderMan shaders?
Or of a newsgroup which has discussion or information about RenderMan?  I'm
new to the RenderMan (Mac) family, and I'd like to get as much info I can
lay my hands on.  Thanks!

        Andy Bates.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Andy Bates.
Hmm.  $1 billion, lesse... I can probably launch 100 tons to LEO at
$200 million, in five years, which gives about 20 tons to the lunar
surface one-way.  Say five tons of that is a return vehicle and its
fuel, a bigger Mercury or something (might get that as low as two
tons), leaving fifteen tons for a one-man habitat and a year's supplies?
Gee, with that sort of mass margins I can build the systems off
the shelf for about another hundred million tops.  That leaves
about $700 million profit.  I like this idea 8-)  Let's see
if you guys can push someone to make it happen 8-) 8-)

[slightly seriously]
JOB 26:7  He stretcheth out the north over the empty  place,  and
hangeth the earth upon nothing.
This notice will be posted weekly in sci.space, sci.astro, and
sci.space.shuttle.

    The Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) list for sci.space and sci.astro is
posted approximately monthly. It also covers many questions that come up on
sci.space.shuttle (for shuttle launch dates, see below).

    The FAQ is posted with a long expiration date, so a copy may be in your
news spool directory (look at old articles in sci.space). If not, here are
two ways to get a copy without waiting for the next posting:

    (1) If your machine is on the Internet, it can be obtained by anonymous
FTP from the SPACE archive at ames.arc.nasa.gov (128.102.18.3) in directory
pub/SPACE/FAQ.

    (2) Otherwise, send email to 'archive-server@ames.arc.nasa.gov'
containing the single line:

help

    The archive server will return directions on how to use it. To get an
index of files in the FAQ directory, send email containing the lines:

send space FAQ/Index
send space FAQ/faq1

    Use these files as a guide to which other files to retrieve to answer
your questions.

    Shuttle launch dates are posted by Ken Hollis periodically in
sci.space.shuttle. A copy of his manifest is now available in the Ames
archive in pub/SPACE/FAQ/manifest and may be requested from the email
archive-server with 'send space FAQ/manifest'. Please get this document
instead of posting requests for information on launches and landings.
Dear Rob,


Sometimes I do come across condesending, and I am sorry I come across that
way at times.  Thank you for the reproach, I really do appreciate it.  I'll
try to get better.

Rob, at the same time, I have also learned that some people respond to the gentle
approach while others respond only at a harsh rebuke.  Brian K., so far,
only responds to the latter.  And I am glad he responds at all.   In both
cases of approach,  my intention is to be loving.  I am making no excuse
for myself if I am coming across condesending.  I apologize for that.

Rob, sometimes Brian K. comes across as honest. I know this.  But Brian K. 
vasillates back and forth.  One post looks honest; the next is
an excuse.  Now he wants me to explain the universe in 50 words or less.  
I think Brian Kendig is really trying but he is too comfortable with
his set of excuses.  

I just want Brian K. to be honest with himself.  If he really wants
to know, he will ask questions and stop asserting irrelevant excuses
which have nothing to do with my God.   I wish Brian would read the
Bible for himself and come to his own decisions without being
sidetracked with the temptation to mock God.

From my perspective Rob, when I look at Brian Kendig, I see a man
standing out in the middle of a highway.  Off into the distance I 
see a Mack truck heading right for him, but Brian K. is faced away
from the oncoming truck.  He doesn't see it.   Here's is how I see
the dialog:


Me:  "Brian K, please step aside before you get run over." 

BK:  "There is no truck."

Me:  "Turn around at look."

BK:  "No."

Me:  "Look!  You will be healthier if you do take a look at
     the oncoming truck."

BK:  "No. Explain to me why trucks exist."

Me:  "Turn around or you will run over."

BK:  "No. I won't because I like hiking and tomorrow is Tuesday."

Me:  "You blind fool!  Why do you choose ignorance? You have nothing
      to lose if you look.  But if do not look, you will certainly lose your life."
      I do not want to see you squashed all over the road.

BK:  "It is my life to lose.  I rather not look.
      Besides, a truck running over me will not harm me."
      And by the way, I really have an open mind."


So is my motivation to belittle Brian, or to love Brian the best I know how?   

I do not wish to single Brian Kendig out.  Because millions if not
billions of people fall into the same category.  Perhaps all people
fall have fallen into this category at one time in their lives.  I have.
I can now see the truck behind Brian.

My hope is that Brian will look and will see the ramifications of the
truck coming towards him.  My hope is that Brian will want to step out
of the way.  My fear, though,  is that Brian will instead choose to glue himself
to the middle of the highway, where he will certainly get run over.  But if
he so chooses, he so chooses, and there is nothing I can do beyond that
to change his mind.   For it is his choice.   But at this very moment,
Brian hasn't gotten even that far.  He is still at the point where he
does not want to look.  Sure he moves his eyeball to appease me, but his
head will not turn around to see the entire picture.  So far he is
satisfied with his glimpse of the mountains off in the distance. 
Look in the /pub/SPACE directory on ames.arc.nasa.gov - there are a number
of earth images there. You may have to hunt around the subdirectories as
things tend to be filed under the mission (ie, "APOLLO") rather than under	
the image subject.	
==============================
                              GASPRA ANIMATION
                                March 12, 1993
                       ==============================

     The Gaspra animation is now available at the Ames Space Archives in 
QuickTime format.  The animation was formed from 11 images taken by the 
Galileo spaecraft shortly before its closest approach to the asteroid in 
October 1991.  The animation is available using anonymous ftp to:

: >Hi Netters,
: >
: >I'm building a CAD package and need a 3D graphics library that can handle
: >some rudimentry tasks, such as hidden line removal, shading, animation, etc.
: >
: >Can you please offer some recommendations?
: >
: >I'll also need contact info (name, address, email...) if you can find it.
: >
: >Thanks
: >
: >(Please Post Your Responses, in case others have same need)
: >
: >Bob Carpenter
: >

The following is extracted from sumex-aim.stanford.edu.  It should also be on
the mirrors.  I think there is source for some applications that may have some
bearing on your project.  Poke around the source directory.  I've never used
this package, nor do I know anyone who did, but the price is right :-)

Hope this helps.

					Cheinan

Abstracts of files as of Thu Apr  1 03:11:39 PST 1993
Directory: info-mac/source

#### BINHEX     3d-grafsys-121.hqx   ****

Date: Fri, 5 Mar 93 14:13:07 +0100
From: Christian Steffen Ove Franz <cfranz@iiic.ethz.ch>
To: questions@mac.archive.umich.edu
Subject: 3d GrafSys 1.21 in incoming directory
A 3d GrafSys short description follows:

Programmers 3D GrafSys Vers 1.21 now available. 

Version 1.21 is mainly a bugfix for THINK C users. THIS VERSION
NOW RUNS WITH THINK C, I PROMISE! The Docs now contain a chapter for
C programmers on how to use the GrafSys. If you have problems, feel free 
to contact me.
The other change is that I removed the FastPerfTrig calls from
the FPU version to make it run faster.

Those of you who don't know what all this is about, read on.

********

Programmers 3D GrafSys -- What it is:
-------------------------------------

Didn't you always have this great game in mind where you needed some way of 
drawing three-dimensional scenes? 

Didn't you always want to write this program that visualized the structure 
of three-dimensional molecules?

And didn't the task of writing your 3D conversions routines keep you from 
actually doing it?

Well if the answer to any of the above questions is 'Yes, but what has it to 
do with this package???' , read on.

GrafSys is a THINK Pascal/C library that provides you with simple routines 
for building, saving, loading (as resources), and manipulating 
(independent rotating around arbitrary achses, translating and scaling) 
three dimensional objects. Objects, not just simple single-line drawings.

GrafSys supports full 3D clipping, animation and some (primitive) hidden-
line/hidden-surface drawing with simple commands from within YOUR PROGRAM.

GrafSys also supports full eye control with both perspective and parallel
projections (If you can't understand a word, don't worry, this is just showing
off for those who know about it. The docs that come with it will try to explain
what it all means later on). 

GrafSys provides a powerful interface to supply your own drawing routines with
data so you can use GrafSys to do the 3D transformations and your own routines
to do the actual drawing. (Note that GrafSys also provides drawing routines so
you don't have to worry about that if you don't want to)

GrafSys 1.11 comes in two versions. One for the 881 and 020 or above 
processors. The other version uses fixed-point arithmetic and runs on any Mac.
Both versions are *100% source compatibel*. 

GrafSys comes with an extensive manual that teaches you the fundamentals of 3D
graphics and how to use the package.

If demand is big enough I will convert the GrafSys to an object-class library. 
However, I feelt that the way it is implemented now makes it easier to use for
a lot more people than the select 'OOP-Guild'.

GrafSys is free for any non-commercial usage. Read the documentation enclosed.


There are no Mariner craft from which we are still receiving data.  I believe
you are referring to one or more of Pioneers 6 through 9 (launched from
December 1965 through November 1968), which were put into solar orbits to study
interplanetary space.  I recall reading that at least one of them was still
functioning 25 years after launch.


In pure speculation, I would guess cautions based on hazardous
pre-launch ops would qualify.  Something like "Caution:  SRBs
have just been armed."  
Greetings all.
	According to a FAQ I read, on 30 July 1992, Joshua C. Jensen posted an 
article on bitmap manipulation (specifically, scaling and perspective) to the 
newsgroup rec.games.programmer. (article 7716)
	The article included source code in Turbo Pascal with inline assembly 
language.

	I have been unable to find an archive for this newsgroup, or a current 
email address for Joshua C. Jensen.
	If anyone has the above details, or a copy of the code, could they 
please let me know.	Many thanks.
					Yours gratefully, etc.  Myles.


Still searching for an irrelevant issue in which to mire a pro-lifer, I see.
Slimy tactic.
Hi!  I am in immediate need for details of various graphics compression
techniques.  So if you know where I could obtain descriptions of algo-
rithms or public-domain source codes for such formats as JPEG, GIF, and
fractals, I would be immensely grateful if you could share the info with
me.  This is for a project I am contemplating of doing.

Thanks in advance.  Please reply via e-mail if possible.
Golgotha the whole process of the fall of man

This was precisely my point.  From a theological bent, those who lived
immediately after the flood, such as Noah, Ham, his son Cush, and his son
Nimrod had a much stronger appreciation of Divine wrath.  They also had a
stronger understanding of the True God.  In fact, this immediacy was a cause of
hardship for some, so much so that Atlas, who is seen with heavens resting on
his shoulders.  But this is not merely the physical heavens that he is lifting.
 It is to put God and the strict spirituality of His law at a distance, and
thus he became the "Elevator of the heavens."  This "god" made men able to
"feel" as if heaven were afar off and "as if either the God of Heaven could not
see through the dark cloud, or did not regard with displeasure the breakers of
His laws."  It is interesting to see that it was that was titled "Emancipator"
or "Deliverer"  or Phoroneus. It was Nimrod who invaded the patriarchal system
and abridged the liberties of mankind, yet was worship for having given many
benefits.  He was a deliverer all right but not as we think of Christ as a
Deliverer.  One delivered from a conscious feeling of God's wrath, the other
actually performed a delivery from Gods wrath and it is up to us to accept it
as true.


I don't see the problem.  From the time of Adam, those who looked forward to
the coming "Anointed One" and put their faith in the fact that it was God who
was to do the provision, were accounted as righteous.  But up to the
Crucifixion, their sins were only covered, not taken away.  Therefore, the
dispensation of the Church views the accountability of sin the same, but see it
as a completed action.  Rom's makes it clear that it has always been salvation
via faith and nothing else.


I understand what you're trying to convey, but I don't think I'd lay hold of it
because the scriptures do equate the eternality of the second death with the
eternality of, say the Church ruling with Christ.  Jn 17 tells us what eternal
life is exactly, as you are correct that it is much more than non-cessation of
consciousness.  


It depends upon your def of "lost."  The elect were lost only in time as
outside of time they had been chosen from the foundation of the world. 
Existentially we were all born "lost", but the "righteous" were "in Christ" and
therefore never *assuredly* lost.  

Maybe this summer I could find time to put together a paper on it.  I simply
have to buy more books for myself, and these older books are very expensive. 
Either that or countless trips to the oriental museum.


Couldn't agree with you more.  Our understanding, of say eschatology, is
clearly clearer than that of, say Isaiah.  But that is not what I was referring
to.



No, I understand it as you have said. This was my point.


Ah!  This is it.  This is the big question.  However, I would say, again I
think, that the best lie is one that has an appreciable amount of truth to it. 
Look at Satan's twist of God's Word when he coerced Eve.  That is a very
interesting study.

 >The similarity in the midst of great variety of

Yes, that is my point.  But it is a two edged sword. For some do not want the
underlying reality to be revealed.  They were not known as "mystery" religions
for no reason.  There was the public side of them and there was the private
side, that was so protected that the initiates to an oath of death if they
revealed that private side.  That is why it is so hard to bring their teachings
to light. The "Mystery of Iniquity" that we find in the Bible, correlates to
this I think.  The primary object of the mysteries was to introduce privately,
little by little, under the seal of secrecy and sanction of oath, what it would
not have been safe to openly profess was the true religion.  Case in point
today might be the Masons.  (Just a note, that they too worshipped Osiris in
Egypt, who can be traced to Nimrod, the "husband son.")


No, I disagree with you here Gerry.  I know what you're alluding to in that the
church, primarily the RCC, did endorse Aristotelian philosophy into their
worldview, but I would disagree with you that it originated in Greece.  If you
are a student of history, you will come to see that much of what Greece came to
expound to the world as their original, was just an adulteration of that which
they had taken from conquered countries.  The soul is clearly mentioned and
discussed at length in the Egyptian religions. As was the unity of God and also
the trinity of God.  See if you can find Wilkinson's "Egyptians."  He really
does a number on what the Greeks did to what they "pilfered" from the
Egyptians. 


I'm not knocking Aristotle or Plato or any other Greek thinker.  Its just that
"there is nothing new under the sun."


Hi, 

the subject says it all. Is there a PD viewer for gl files (for X)?

Thanks

Rob Butera asks about a book called THE LOST YEARS OF JESUS, by
Elizabeth Clare Prophet.

I do not know the book. However, Miss Prophet is the leader of a
group (The Church Universal and Triumphant) derived from the I AM
group founded by a Mr. Ballard who began his mission in the 1930's
(I am writing this from memory and may not have all the details
straight -- for an old account, check your library for a bnook by
Marcus Bach) after an eighteenth-century Frenchman appeared, tapped
him on the shoulder, and offered him a cup of "cosmic essence." A
major tenet of the movement is that there is a monastery in the
mountains of Tibet from which a monk descends to the lower altitudes
every few centuries to preach, and that all major religions have
been founded by monks from this monastery. Typically, the Ballard
family and their successors, the Prophet family (related by
marriage, if I remember aright), base almost all their teachings on
messages they have allegedly received by telepathy from Tibet. I
should be surprised if the book you mention has any scholarly basis.


  This is a good point.  Christ was hardly the only person who claimed to be
the Messiah--in fact, a number of "Messiahs" were active in the area from the
time of the Roman conquest to after the fall of Masada.
  Many of the statements made by the apostles--especially their repeated
attempts to give Jesus a sword (give him military power) point to the fact that
they didn't realize the true nature of his reign until after the fact.  Many of
the statements in the Bible can be seen as being oriented toward explaining 
this new definition of "Messiah" to the Jews who were being preached to.
the blood of the lamb.

This will be a hard task, because most cultures used most animals
for blood sacrifices. It has to be something related to our current
post-modernism state. Hmm, what about used computers?

Cheers,
Kent
              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When are we going to hear a Christian answer to this question? 

In paraphrase: 

The answer to both questions is yes.

All Scripture is true, being inspired by God.  The evidence for this
claim has been discussed ad nauseum in this group.

Similarly, all truth is absolute.  Indeed, a non-absolute truth is a 
contradiction in terms.  When is something absolute?  When it is always
true.  Obviously, if a "truth" is not always "true" then we have a
contradiction in terms.  

Many people claim that there are no absolutes in the world.  Such a
statement is terribly self-contradictory.  Let me put it to you this
way.  If there are no absolutes, shouldn't we conclude that the statement,
"There are no absolutes" is not absolutely true?  Obviously, we have a
contradiction here.

This is just one of the reasons why Christians defy the world by claiming
that there are indeed absolutes in the universe.


So?  People sometimes disagree about what is true.  This does not negate
the fact, however, that there are still absolutes in the universe.  Moreover,
evangelical Christianity, at least, still professes to believe in certain
truths.  Man is sinful, man needs salvation, and Jesus is the propitiation
for mankind's sins, to name a few.  Any group that does not profess to
believe these statements cannot be accurately called evangelical.


From the article "What's New" Apr-16-93 in sci.physics.research:

........
WHAT'S NEW (in my opinion), Friday, 16 April 1993  Washington, DC

1. SPACE BILLBOARDS! IS THIS ONE THE "SPINOFFS" WE WERE PROMISED?
In 1950, science fiction writer Robert Heinlein published "The
Man Who Sold the Moon," which involved a dispute over the sale of
rights to the Moon for use as billboard. NASA has taken the firsteps toward this
 hideous vision of the future.  Observers were
startled this spring when a NASA launch vehicle arrived at the
pad with "SCHWARZENEGGER" painted in huge block letters on the
side of the booster rockets.  Space Marketing Inc. had arranged
for the ad to promote Arnold's latest movie. Now, Space Marketing
is working with University of Colorado and Livermore engineers on
a plan to place a mile-long inflatable billboard in low-earth
orbit.  NASA would provide contractual launch services. However,
since NASA bases its charge on seriously flawed cost estimates
(WN 26 Mar 93) the taxpayers would bear most of the expense. This
may look like environmental vandalism, but Mike Lawson, CEO of
Space Marketing, told us yesterday that the real purpose of the
project is to help the environment! The platform will carry ozone
monitors he explained--advertising is just to help defray costs.
..........

What do you think of this revolting and hideous attempt to vandalize
the night sky? It is not even April 1 anymore.
What about light pollution in observations? (I read somewhere else that
it might even be visible during the day, leave alone at night).
Is NASA really supporting this junk?
Are protesting groups being organized in the States?
Really, really depressed.

             Enzo

Oh, that must explain Matthew 18:

1) In that hour came the disciples unto Jesus, saying, "Who then is greatest in
the kingdom of heaven?"
2) And he called to him a little child, and set him in the midst of them,
3) and said, "Verily I say unto you, Except ye turn, and become as little
children, ye shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of heaven.
14) Even so it is not the will of your father who is in heaven, that one of these
little ones should perish.

Nice thing about the Bible, you don't have to invent a bunch of convoluted
rationalizations to understand it, unlike your arguments for original sin. Face
it, original sin was thought up long after the Bible had been written and has no
basis from the scriptures.
He doesn't contradict himself.  The church is to last for all time.
However, there are those who use the church to bolster themselves.  This
is evident in many letters.  For instance, Paul talks about the
"super-apostles" to the Corinthians (2 Corinthians 11-12), he mentions
how people will be led away by miracles, signs, and wonders (2
Thessalonians 2:9-12), he tells Timothy that it is clear that some will
abandon the faith and teach lies (1 Timothy 4:1-3) and that some will
search for teachers to suit what they want to hear (2 Timothy 4:3-4).
Such passages go throughout the letters and Jesus does warn about them
(Matthew 24:4-14).  But look at the promise in this last part.  Verse
14:  "And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world
as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come."  Even today,
there are false teachings.  I can name two which I am well familiar
with:  the non-need of baptism and the "praying of Jesus into your life
for salvation".  Both are taught.  Both are DEAD wrong.  They have been
taken out of context from some verses, interpreted from others, and just
plain made up.  The ONLY way Jesus taught is given in Luke 9:23-26 and
Luke 14:25-33.  He then commands baptism in Matthew 28:18-20.  The
church Jesus founded, though, is alive and well.  It's not being
persecuted as much as back then (the laws won't allow it yet), but it is
being persecuted.

Joe Fisher


In two places at once? Bit of a coincidence, that.

Whatever the faults the FBI had, the fact is that responsibility
for those deaths lies with Koresh.

P.
Hi... I'm not a religious guy so dont take this as some kinda flame (thanx
in advance)

I want to know why there are so many different versions of the bible? There
"....contains inaccurate data and inconsistencies."   

					Thanx in advance... Shaz....

[I'm not sure quite what you mean by many different versions.
The primary distinction in versions you see today is in the style
of the translation.  It's pretty unusual to see significant
differences in meaning.  There are a few differences in the underlying
text.  That's because before printing, manuscripts were copied by
hand.  Slight differences resulted.  There are enough manuscripts
around that scholars can do a pretty good job of recreating the
original, but there are some uncertainties.  Fortunately, they are
generally at the level of minor differences in wording.  There are
something like 3 or 4 places where whole sentences are involved,
but with recent discoveries of older manuscripts, I don't think there's
much uncertainly about those cases.  As far as I know, no Christians
believe that the process of copying manuscripts or the process of
translating is free of error.  But I also don't think there's
enough uncertainty in establishing the text or translating it that
it has much practical effect.

Whether the Bible contains inaccurate data and inconsistences is a hot
topic of debate here.  Many Christians deny it.  Some accept it
(though most would say that the inaccuracies involved are on details
that don't affect the faith).  But this has nothing to do with there
being multiple versions.  The supposed inconsistences can be found in
all the versions.  I'm surprised to find a reference to this on the
title page though.  What version are you talking about?  I've been
referring to major scholarly translations.  These are what get
referenced in postings here and elsewhere.  There have certainly been
editions that are (to be kind) less widely accepted.  This includes
everything from reconstructions that combine parallel accounts into
single narrations, to editions that omit material that the editor
objects to for some reason or the other.  The copyright on the Bible
has long since expired, so there nothing to stop people from making
editions that do whatever wierd thing they want.  However the editions
that are widely used are carefully prepared by groups of scholars from
a variety of backgrounds, with lots of crosschecks.  I could imagine
one of the lesser-known editions claiming to have fixed up all
inaccurate data and inconsistencies.  But if so, it's not any edition
that's widely used.  The widely used ones leave the text as is.
(Weeeeelllllll, almost as is.  It's been alleged that a few
translations have fudged a word or two here and there to minimize
inconsistencies.  Because translation is not an exact science, there
are always going to be differences in opinion over which word is best,
I'm afraid.)



Is there any difference in saying 

"Absolute Truth exists, but some people think its a lie"

and

"Truth is relative" ?

I think there is:  in both examples, the first statement is a
fundamental disagreement between at least two people; the 
second statement is agreed upon by all.

To put it another way, someone who says objective values exist
does not agree that values are subjective.


Interesting is rigth.. I wonder if they will make a mention of her being an
astronaut in the credits.. I think it might help people connect the future of
space with the present.. And give them an idea that we must go into space..

Actually, jon, that is quite true.  Christian people have caused
"objective morality" to look very "relative."  After all, that was the
point of the original question in this thread, i.e. can we toss out
Christianity because it is so obviously inconsistent with its own
principles?  If you will bear with me, I will attempt to explain this
apparent inconsistency from at least one Christian's viewpoint:

If God exists and is the creator of mankind as the Bible claims, then
He has a pretty well-defined concept of what makes people tick
physically, emotionally, etc.  GOD has an "objective" morality for us.
That is to say, He has no trouble understanding what is good for (or
detrimental to) the creature He created. 

	Galatians 2:10-- For we [mankind] are His workmanship, created in
	Christ Jesus for good works [a morality], which God prepared
	beforehand [a well-defined design], that we might walk in them.

However, contrary to what many people assume (including the Pharasees
of the Bible,) God's morality cannot be completely codified in a list
of rules and regulations.  To some extent, every activity of a
person's life creates a new situation to which morality must be
applied.  There never could be enough volumes to codify God's
"objective" morality for us. 

Throughout history, mankind has tried to reduce morality to a list of
rules (objectivity, if you please.)  In the Old Testament, we have
both principles and specific rules.  By the time of Jesus, most of the
principles were obscured by the emphasis men had placed on the rules.
Volumes of additional rules had been made to try to codify the
application of the principles.  We [mankind] weren't comfortable with
the "subjectivity" of principles. 

	For reference see Matthew 5 where Jesus explains the difference
	between the Law and the principles of the Law.  For example, in
	verses 21-22:  "You have heard that the ancients were told,
	'You shall not commit murder'...and 'Whoever commits murder shall
	be liable to the court.'  But I say to you that everyone who is
	angry with his brother shall be liable to the court..."

The "objective morality" of God gets blurred by our inept
interpretation of it.  We [Christians] have made our biggest errors
when we have allowed any one person or group of people decide EXACTLY
what God intended for us.  If we [Christians] would stay committed to
seeking God's will instead of trying to prove we already had it all
figured out, we might do a better job of allowing others to find God's
"objective morality" for themselves.  If Jesus is who he said he
was/is (and that's the fundamental question,) then HE IS "objective
morality." 

I think one (not ideal) solution is to use the
tracing utility (can't remember the name, sorry!)
included in the Corel Draw s/w pack.  It can convert
bitmaps to Corel art format.  These can then be
imported into a drawing rather than the bitmap.
Result - the file is completely in Corel format and
can be SCODAL'ed no problem!

BUT the slight problem with this, which makes the
solution less than idea, is that the trace utility
spits out many more points than are necessary to
define the shapes being traced.  Straight lines and
curves are both traced as many short segments.

So... the SCODAL taking *much* longer to
image.

The obvious solution is time-consuming - stripping
out the extra points by hand using Corel.

OUCH!
I've done it a few times :-]

                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

As I say, if you don't mind the problems, go via the route...
BITMAP -> COREL (VIA TRACE) ->
HAND TRIMMING (USING COREL)!!! ->
COMBINE WITH MAIN COREL PIC (VIA IMPORT) -> SCODAL

That's closer, but I dislike "apps".  "software" (vs. "hardware")
would be better.  Would that engulf alt.graphics.pixutils?  Or would
that be "programmer"?

I don't know if traffic is really heavy enough to warrant a newsgroup
split.  Look how busy comp.graphics.research is (not).

It's true that a lot of the traffic here is rehashing FAQs and
discussing things that would probably be better diverted to
system-specific groups, but I don't know whether a split would help
or hurt that cause.

Maybe we need a comp.graphics.RTFB for all those people who can't be
bothered to read the fine books out there.  Right, Dr. Rogers? :-)
GS> How about transferring control to a non-profit organisation that is
GS> able to accept donations to keep craft operational.

I seem to remember NASA considering this for some of the Apollo
equipment left on the moon, but that they decided against it.

Or maybe not...


Peir-Yuan Yeh asks:

same >or part of them are the same?  How about Torah? Are the first five
books >of OT as the same as Torah?????

Yes, yes, and yes.  Jewish history as recorded in the Old Testament and
as shown by archaeology are the same.  Kings, revivals, Temples, and all.

The Torah, as far as I know, is the five books of Moses.  Then come the
Prophets (all the Prophets, plus Joshua, Judges, 1&2 Samuel, 1&2 Kings)
and the Writings (Psalms, Proverbs, Lamentations, Ruth, Esther, Ezra,
Nehemiah, Ecclesiates, Song of Songs, 1&2 Chronicles, Job).

And the veracity of Isaiah, which you quoted to your Moslem friend is
quite well known.  A complete manuscript exists that dates back to past
200 BC, and is kept in a Museum in Israel.  It was found among the Dead
Sea Scrolls, which greatly enhanced our knowledge of the veracity of the
Old Testament, as they date back to around the time of Christ, whereas
before, the oldest complete manuscript in Hebrew was from around 900 AD.

Your Moslem friend is sorely mistaken, but understandably so.  If Jesus
was crucified, and atoned for our sins, he must have been God, for only
the death of God could atone for the sins of all humanity.  And as
Isaiah predicts, the messiah will be called "the mighty God."  And if he
was God, then he must have rose, for as St. Paul wrote, it was not
possible that death could hold him.  And if Jesus rose from the dead,
your Moslem friend would have little reason to be a Moslem.  Which is
why he denies the authenticity of the Old Testament.
Sorry for taking this off of Sharon's resp, but I'd also like to add
some more verses to that and perhaps answer the second Q.

Verses:
   1 Corinthians 6:9-10
   Colossians 3:5-10

As for knowing when, that's a bit tricky.  People normally have
consciences which warn them about it.  However, as in my case, a
conscience can be hardened by sin's deceitfulness (Hebrews 3:12:13) so
that the person has no idea (or doesn't care about it) that they are
sinning.  Of course, there are those sins which we do when we don't know
that they're sinful to begin with.  Those take searching and examining
of Scripture to find out that they are sinful and then repent and
change.  The best question to ask in every circumstance to judge sinful
possibilities is:  "Would Jesus wholeheartedly do this at this point in
time?"  I know, it sounds like a cop-out, but it truly is a stifling
question.

Joe Fisher

nsmca> So some of my ideas are a bit odd, off the wall and such, but
nsmca> so was Wilbur and Orville Wright, and quite a few others..

This is a common misconception.  There was nothing "off the wall"
about the Wright Brothers.  They were in correspondance with a number
of other experimenters (Octave Chanute, Lillienthal, etc), they flew
models, they had a wind tunnel.  In short, they were quite mainstream
and were not regarded as odd or eccentric by the community.

I suggest you read The Bishop's Boys or the biography by Harry Gates?
Combs?  (I can never remember which it is--the guy that had the FBOs
and owned Learjet for a while).  These are both in print and easily
obtainable.  The Bishop's Boys is in trade paperback, even.

Even better would be the multi-volume set of the Wrights' writings,
but this is out of print, rare, and hideously expensive.




But what if the geologists are wrong and these people are warning of a
non-existent danger?  Analogies can only push an argument so far (on both
sides).  Both Melinda's and yours assume the premises used to set up your
respective analogies are true and thus the correct conclusion will arise.

The important point to note is the different directions both sides come from.
Christians believe they know the TRUTH and thus believe they have the right
(and duty) to tell the TRUTH to all.  

Christians can get offended if others do not believe (what is self-evidently
to them) the TRUTH. Non-christians do not believe this is the TRUTH and get
offended at them because they (christians) claim to know the TRUTH.

(BTW this argument goes for anyone, I am not just bagging christians)

Neither side can be really reconciled unless one of the parties changes their
mind.  As Melinda pointed out, there is no point in arguing along these lines
because both approach from a different premise.  A more useful line of
discussion is WHY people believe in particular faiths.

Personally, I don't mind what anyone believes as long as they allow me mine
and we can all live peacefully.



	I realize I'm entering this discussion rather late, but I do
have one question. Wasn't it a Reagan appointee, James Watt, a
pentacostal christian (I think) who was the secretary of the interior
who saw no problem with deforestation since we were "living in the
last days" and ours would be the last generation to see the redwoods
anyway?

stuff deleted ...

 
Your logic is falty.  If Christianity is a DRUG, and once we die we
die, then why would you be reluctant to embrase this drug so that
while you are alive you enjoy yourself.

I also question your overall motives for posting this article.  Why
would you waste your presious fews seconds on this earth posting your
opinon to a group that will generally reject it.

If you die, never having acepting Christ as your savior, I hope you
have a fantastic life that it is all you evver dreamed because it is
al of heaven you will ever know.
#     Are there any places in the Bible where the commandment "Thou 
#     shalt not kill" is specifically applied?  That is, where someone 
#     refrained from killing because he remembered the commandment.

  No, for the excellent reason that there IS no such commandment.

  Aside from that, please note that the Abrahamic literary tradition
  is strong on narrative, light on dialog, and virtually nonexistent
  w/r/t introspection.
It's like refusing 'God's kingdom come'.

In one of Jesus' revelation in this century, "...same thing as in
the old days.  People refuse to believe my messengers.  Even when
I was alive here on earth, they refuse Me.  What more when I am just
talking through somebody else?" (paraphrased).

With all the knowledge believers accumulated, He would think that
we would be 'enlightened' enough to detect which ones are 
'authentic and divine' as opposed to 'evil or man-made'.

These signs, these miracles, are you afraid that they are not from God?
That these are the signs we should not open our hearts and mind to for thinking
  they are evil?
Well, is faith in God evil?
Is true peace evil?  Is true love that is divine and pure evil? 
Why can't someone accept that God can do what He wants in fulfillment of His
  generous love and Jesus' never ending forgiveness to those who turn back to
  Him for salvation?
Why are we refusing God's messenger of this truth?  The mother to all who are
  in Christ?
What brings us these:
    fears of being shamed by what others will think or say about us?
        which, in contrary, could be pleasing to God?
    fears of being humbled?
    fears of being judged as wrong (wrt mainstream standard of what is right)?
Why can't we tolerate non-believers' mockery or ridicule of us for the
  sake of peace, love and obedience to God?  The humbling lessons left to us
  by martyrs and saints?
We'd rather engage in never-ending bickering and disproof of each other's
  opinion - looking at each other's mistakes - for the sake of arguments,
  instead of having communion in one body with Christ.
What makes us go blind to the truth that God is All Powerful and that He can
  not be binded by what people wrote and have written about Him in all ages?
Why is our faith in God limited?  By all the words and literature we muster?
What prevents us from going *beyond* being saved and extend God's rich love
  to others who are not?

Why are our eyes not wide open to see that He continuously sees our faith, hope
  and love which glorify Him and so He gives us indications of His 
  acknowledgements with signs/miracles (ordinary/common or divinely inspired) 
  everywhere?  Isn't that like an atheist/agnostic's view that all these
  are just ordinary here on earth and not caused by anything supernatural?

Why then does the Holy Mother comes back to remind us:
  "We must really __accept that prayer__ changes the course of things and that
  with prayers __even wars can be prevented__."
but then she continues:
  "You often have an egotistic attitude.  Dear children, in these days you
  have prayed very much, __but your hands have remained empty__."
Why hesitate in proclaiming what needs to be done:
  "prayer, conversion, peace, penance, fasting, the Holy Mass, living life
  as what the Gospel brings."?
Why not do so?  How?  To the world?
  "Start in your family.  Be a good example.  Live the Word."
Why worry if it is going to be of good use to many?
  "The fruits, __leave them to the Lord__, do not worry about anything or 
  anyone but entrust yourself to the Lord."

Although the Holy Mother does not insist because:
  "You are free; I bow before the freedom which God gives you."
but she follows this with:
  "You are surprised because I say to you: Decide for God and yet, see how
  you have lived this day."
Why does she constantly conveys:
  "Take this life toward God in the way as to __experience__ the Lord Himself
  in your __behavior__ and __not only__ when you pray" or one time when we 
  decide that we are saved, or talk/write about God, etc.
The Holy Mother warns:
  "Satan (the serpent) is always trying to dissuade you to turn you away from
  my peace plan and prayer."  (Rev 12:17, the dragon became angry with the woman
  and went off to wage war against the rest of her offsprings, those who keep
  God's commandments, and bear witness to Jesus.)

Do you have fear or hate for God's current messenger of true peace, love and
  our motherly protector from the anti-Christ?
The one who is being apprehensive of communism, wars, famine and other evils
  that the serpent brings upon us? 
This obedient and blessed new Eve?
The mother who warns us so we can be prepared and be strong against Satan?
Haven't there been renewed faith, hope, love, peace and obedience wherever
  this messenger has shared her blessings and graces that God has given her
  in good purpose?
Why do we choose to be blind?
Why fear the truth that God has been giving us a chance and sharing Christ's
  ever-forgetting forgiveness to us through the obedient mother?
The mother who has been consecrated the task __to reverse__ the disobedient
  harm and example done by the ancient Eve.
She has been preparing the new Eden with her Immaculate Heart.
The new Eden as sanctuary (the womb) for the next coming and judgement of the 
  righteous by our Lord, Jesus Christ; when The Lamb marries His bride.
Shouldn't we give her a hand in her exhaustive job of preparing us for the
  second coming of her Son as she has been conceived without sin to bear
  the Son of God in her womb?
Why fear true peace, love and renewed faith and obedience to God that Mary
  faithfully brings to God's children?  She has been protecting the flock
  (the rest of the offsprings) from the greedy dragon so as to present more 
  righteous members for her Son's coming.
Not all apparitions and miracles that resulted from them are worthy
  of belief.  With prayer and guidance from the Holy Spirit and, of course,
  approval of our Church authorities, we should be aware of the true and
  divinely inspired ones; specifically, the ones which aligns with the
  Scripture.
  

Also, our Lady reminds us of recommendation of __silence__ in our prayers:
  "If you speak unceasingly in your prayers, how will you be able to hear
  God?  Allow Him room to answer you, to speak to you." 

She encourages us (with motherly nurturing) to continue in exuberant 
faith, hope and love to Jesus, constantly.  NOT with mere emotions, 
but with deep, constant obedience to Jesus, her Beloved Son and
acknowledgement of our need to have Him as part of our lives.

Let's not wait to the last minute to renew our faith and the life
that God wants us to live; when there won't be enough time or when
it will be late.
                                                      
Nowadays, Mary says, 
"Pray, pray, pray for peace...reconciliation, my children."
Have peace within yourself first before you can promote peace to
others.  For without peace, you can not fully accept my Son."
                                                                       

And you think she's just an ordinary lady.  Not to me.  She's
our good Mother/messenger from God and she is so nice enough to
share God's kingdom to us through her Son and experience it.

With Mary, we are assured that The Lamb always succeeds.

-----
Note:  All enclosed in quotes are from "Latest News of Medjugorje"
       Number 10, June, 1991 by Fr. Rene' Laurentin.

-----
: 
: Probably not.  But then, I don't pack heavy weaponry with intent to use it.
: You don't really think he should have been allowed to keep that stuff do 
: you?  If so, tell me where you live so I can be sure to steer well clear.

I understand that they had the neccessary licenses and permits to own
automatic weapons.  

: The public also has rights, and they should be placed above those of the
: individual.  Go ahead, call me a commie, but you'd be singing a different
: tune if I exercised my right to rape your daughter.  He broke the law, he
: was a threat to society, they did there job - simple.

I haven't seen any proof (or even evidence) that the BD's had broken the
law.  If you have proof (or evidence), let's hear it.  "The FBI said so" is
NOT evidence.

:  
: I'll support them all (except no. 2)
The idea is to clip one polygon using another polygon (not
necessarily rectangular) as a window.  My problem then is in
finding out all the new vertices of the resulting "subpolygons"
from the first one.  Is this simply a matter of extending the
usual algorithm whereby each of the edges of one polygon is checked
against another polygon???  Is there a simpler way??

Comments welcome.
i am sorry, but this genoa card does nothing that the ATI ultra plus 2mb
can't do, PLUS the ATI costs 330$US street price ....


Hello,
     I am looking to add voice input capability to a user interface I am
developing on an HP730 (UNIX) workstation.  I would greatly appreciate 
information anyone would care to offer about voice input systems that are 
easily accessible from the UNIX environment. 

     The names or adresses of applicable vendors, as well as any 
experiences you have had with specific systems, would be very helpful.

     Please respond via email; I will post a summary if there is 
sufficient interest.


Thanks,
Ken


P.S.  I have found several impressive systems for IBM PC's, but I would 
like to avoid the hassle of purchasing and maintaining a separate PC if 
at all possible.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ken Hinckley (kph2q@virginia.edu)
University of Virginia 
Neurosurgical Visualization Laboratory


OK: So you were a naive teen.


	Wrong: 1915 and if you do your homework, 1909.
But he was born LAST century (1883).



I know someone had long talks about Solar Sails early this year and late last
year..Also about Solar Sailing. Not sure who captured it if possible..

I think it was one of the regulars who had most or all the data?

I think I started the latest round or the late last year round.. But the topic
has been around here, off and on for a year or two..

Christian anti-Semitism comes from the obvious fact that the Jews should
know the Hebrew Scriptures better than anyone else, yet they did not
convert to Christianity en mass, thus rejecting "Christian Love."



You know, everybody scoffed at that guy they hung up on a cross too.
He claimed also to be the son of God; and it took almost two thousand 
years to forget what he preached.

	Love thy neighbor as thyself.


Anybody else wonder if those two guys setting the fires were 'agent 
provacateurs.'


Thanks Ron and Peter for some very nice maps.

I have an advice though.  You wrote that the maps were reduced to 256
colors.  As far ad I understand JPEG pictures gets much better (and
the compressed files smaller) if you use the original 3 color 24 bit
data when converting to JPEG.

Thanks again,

On sunsite.unc.edu in pub/multimedia/utilities/unix find 
 mpeg_play-2.0.tar.Z.

I find for mono it works best as mpeg_play -dither threshold 
   though you can use            mpeg_play -dither mono

Face it, this is not be the best viewing situation.

Also someone has made a patch for mpeg_play that gives two more mono
modes  (mono2 and halftone).

They are by jan@pandonia.canberra.edu.au (Jan Newmarch).
And the patch can be found on csc.canberra.edu.au (137.92.1.1) under
/pub/motif/mpeg2.0.mono.patch.

[The following is my comment on an article by Desiree Bradley.  --clh]


Koresh did originally claim to be the Christ, but then backed off and
said he was a prophet.  The latest news at 8:00 CDT from Waco is that
the feds broke through a wall of the compound with a tank.  No news
besides that at this time.




Actually the book is called "Seventh Day Adventists believe..."  And there
are 27 basica beliefs.  I believe it is printed by the Reveiew and
Herald Publishing Association.

--

"Competition is the law of the jungle.
 Cooperation is the law of civilization." -- Eldridge Cleaver
{rest deleted}

Can the Father possibly not hear the words of His children.
Of course He hears all your prayers.
Whether you are a sinner or a saint, no questions.
The real question you should be asking is: "Does sin block OUR hearing His
answer?" And the answer to that question is a resounding YES.
To paraphrase the gospel "Many are called but few choose to listen"
and so it is with prayer. 


In Christ,

James
-- 
_____________________________________________________________________________
James Hale     			Lincoln School of Health Sciences
Computing Unit			La Trobe University,Bundoora, AUSTRALIA
                                
James.Hale@Latrobe.Edu.Au
: Having met Peter Kingston (of WBT) some years back, he struck me 
: as an exemplery and dedicated Christian whose main concern was with
: translation of the Word of God and the welfare of the people
: group he was serving.
: WBT literature is concerned mainly with providing Scripture
: in minority languages.

Yes, in fact Peter is now at Wycliffe HQ in the U.K., and is a member of my
church. I would fully endorse the above -- Peter is a very Godly man, with a
passion for serving Christ.

On one occasion he specifically addressed the issue of ``cultural
interference'' in a sermon, presumably from his experience of allegations
directed at Wycliffe. (Perhaps I could find the tape...?)
The problems with Catholic liturgy are likely to continue for
some time.  The problem is, in a nutshell, this: the Liturgy is a
symbolic action - in other words Catholics do [or should] believe that
the _signs_ during the mass - Water, Blessings, Vestments, Altar,
Relics, etc - are real. That is the sprinkling of water bestows real,
almost tangible, holiness, the Vestments are a real indication of real
sacred time. The point of a _symbol_ is that it is understood by all
to be connected to an underlying REAL referent. This kind of thinking
precludes analysis; holy water is not holy because of anything, it
simply IS holy.

But, modern westerners find it extremely difficult, especially if
well- educated, to think of the mass as a symbol. We are more likely
to see it as a _sign_, ie an action that represents grace, but which
could be replaced with other signs. In concrete terms, this means the
mass has become a commercial for God's grace rather than the real
thing. You can mess around with a commercial in a way you wouldn't
dare with the real thing [ask Coca-Cola Co.!]. These attitudes have
been encouraged by Liturgy workshops, etc. which instead of focusing
on _how_ to do do liturgy, have focused on how to create a meaning in
liturgy. You can only create signs, symbols have to come from God [or
the heart, or somewhere deeper than analysis. The most dramatic
example of this shift in understanding has been in the treatment of
the sacred species [the consecrated host and wine]. Now, with pita
bread etc, it is common to come away from the altar with hands covered
in particles. If the Host is a sign of Grace, this isnt and issue; but
Catholics in the past would have been distraught at this real
desacration of the real symbol of Jesus' body.

Modern Catholic liturgy  is caught in this epistemological shift. We
try to perfrom the old rites, but then we have some liturgomaniac
priest get up and 'explain' what we are doing - so we stop doing it and
start pretending to do it. This is not a soul filling experience.
It doesn't help BTW that we have got stuck witha huge amount of two and
three chord ersatz-folk music [again a result of mis-analysis: complicated
tunes are in fact easier to remember than simple ones - this was the
genius of Wesley and the 19C Anglican hymn writers]. Taize' is only
slightly better.

What are we to do? Well I suggest rejecting the parish system if it
doesn't work for you. Search out a Church where the liturgy is well
prepared not well-explained. They exist in every city. This is not BTW
a matter of particular style: the music might be old or new. It is
the attitude of the church that counts. Also, note that a conservative
liturgy - harking back to pre-Vatican II days, does not necessarily mean
the Church will be socially conservative.

In NYC I can recommend:
	Corpus Christi - W 12st St.
	Corpus Christi - W 12st St. - very conservative liturgy, 
	St. Joseph's, Greenwich Village.  - Modern, "clean", largely gay
	Oratorian Church, Brooklyn - Very beautiful

Avoid, anywhere, anytime a church with electric candles.

Happy Easter: Christos Aneste', Christos Voskrezhne, Christ is Risen

Actually, they generally claim that (b) their particular interpretation of
scripture/revelation *is* this objective morality.  That there are two
conflicting versions of this objective morality does tell us something about
(a).  It tells us at least one fake objective morality exists.

The next logical step is to deduce that any given religion's objective
morality could be the fake one.  So caveat emptor.


mathew



A good summary has been posted (thanks), but I wanted to add another comment.
I remeber reading the comment that General Dynamics was tied into this, in 
connection with their proposal for an early manned landing.  Sorry I don't 
rember where I heard this, but I'm fairly sure it was somewhere reputable. 
Anyone else know anything on this angle?

Hrumph.  They didn't send _me_ anything :(
Frank, I tried to mail this but it bounced.  It is fast moving out
of t.a scope, but I didn't know if t.a was the only group of the three
that you subscribed to.
Apologies to regular t.a folks.



You must be using 'values' to mean something different from the way I
see it used normally.

And you are certainly using 'Science' like that if you equate it to
"the real world".

Science is the recognition of patterns in our perceptions of the Universe
and the making of qualitative and quantitative predictions concerning
those perceptions.

It has nothing to do with values as far as I can see.
Values are ... well they are what I value.
They are what I would have rather than not have - what I would experience
rather than not, and so on.

Objective values are a set of values which the proposer believes are
applicable to everyone.


I don't agree.
Science is useful insofar as it the predictions mentioned above are
accurate.  That is insofar as what I think *will be* the effect on
my perceptions of a time lapse (with or without my input to the Universe)
versus what my perceptions actually turn out to be.

But values are about whether I like (in the loosest sense of the word) the 
perceptions :-)


I don't see why.
'Usefulness' in science is synonomous with 'accuracy' - period.
Tarot predictions are not useful because they are not accurate - or
can't be shown to be accurate.
Science is useful because it is apparently accurate.

Values - objective or otherwise - are beside the point.

No?



Would you mind posting the responses you get?
I am also interested, and there may be others.

Thanks,
-- 
 |||||||||||   		 	   ||||||||||| 
_|||||||||||_______________________|||||||||||_      jr0930@eve.albany.edu
-|||||||||||-----------------------|||||||||||-     jr0930@Albnyvms.bitnet
 |||||||||||  GO HEAVY OR GO HOME  |||||||||||



This is an excellent question and I'll be anxious to see if there are
any such cases.  I doubt it.  In the medieval period (esp. 10th-cent.
when Aquinas flourished) argument was a useful tool because everyone
"knew the rules."  Today, when you can't count on people knowing even
the basics of logic or seeing through rhetoric, a good argument is
often indistinguishable from a poor one.

Sorry; just one of my perennial gripes...<:->

Ken


So true.  I'm not sure of the basis of the belief, but it was a widely
held belief among the laity of the RC church and their support of it
lead to it being declared to be true.  Basically the teaching on infallibility
holds that the pope is infallible in matters of faith and doctrine, the
college of bishops is likewise infallible, and the laity is as well.
The pope gets most of the attention/criticism but the consensus of the
other bodies is equally infallible (according to RC teaching).
Archive-name: space/probe
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:19 $

PLANETARY PROBES - HISTORICAL MISSIONS

    This section was lightly adapted from an original posting by Larry Klaes
    (klaes@verga.enet.dec.com), mostly minor formatting changes. Matthew
    Wiener (weemba@libra.wistar.upenn.edu) contributed the section on
    Voyager, and the section on Sakigake was obtained from ISAS material
    posted by Yoshiro Yamada (yamada@yscvax.ysc.go.jp).

US PLANETARY MISSIONS


    MARINER (VENUS, MARS, & MERCURY FLYBYS AND ORBITERS)

    MARINER 1, the first U.S. attempt to send a spacecraft to Venus, failed
    minutes after launch in 1962. The guidance instructions from the ground
    stopped reaching the rocket due to a problem with its antenna, so the
    onboard computer took control. However, there turned out to be a bug in
    the guidance software, and the rocket promptly went off course, so the
    Range Safety Officer destroyed it. Although the bug is sometimes claimed
    to have been an incorrect FORTRAN DO statement, it was actually a
    transcription error in which the bar (indicating smoothing) was omitted
    from the expression "R-dot-bar sub n" (nth smoothed value of derivative
    of radius). This error led the software to treat normal minor variations
    of velocity as if they were serious, leading to incorrect compensation.

    MARINER 2 became the first successful probe to flyby Venus in December
    of 1962, and it returned information which confirmed that Venus is a
    very hot (800 degrees Fahrenheit, now revised to 900 degrees F.) world
    with a cloud-covered atmosphere composed primarily of carbon dioxide
    (sulfuric acid was later confirmed in 1978).

    MARINER 3, launched on November 5, 1964, was lost when its protective
    shroud failed to eject as the craft was placed into interplanetary
    space. Unable to collect the Sun's energy for power from its solar
    panels, the probe soon died when its batteries ran out and is now in
    solar orbit. It was intended for a Mars flyby with MARINER 4.

    MARINER 4, the sister probe to MARINER 3, did reach Mars in 1965 and
    took the first close-up images of the Martian surface (22 in all) as it
    flew by the planet. The probe found a cratered world with an atmosphere
    much thinner than previously thought. Many scientists concluded from
    this preliminary scan that Mars was a "dead" world in both the
    geological and biological sense.

    MARINER 5 was sent to Venus in 1967. It reconfirmed the data on that
    planet collected five years earlier by MARINER 2, plus the information
    that Venus' atmospheric pressure at its surface is at least 90 times
    that of Earth's, or the equivalent of being 3,300 feet under the surface
    of an ocean.

    MARINER 6 and 7 were sent to Mars in 1969 and expanded upon the work
    done by MARINER 4 four years earlier. However, they failed to take away
    the concept of Mars as a "dead" planet, first made from the basic
    measurements of MARINER 4.

    MARINER 8 ended up in the Atlantic Ocean in 1971 when the rocket
    launcher autopilot failed.

    MARINER 9, the sister probe to MARINER 8, became the first craft to
    orbit Mars in 1971. It returned information on the Red Planet that no
    other probe had done before, revealing huge volcanoes on the Martian
    surface, as well as giant canyon systems, and evidence that water once
    flowed across the planet. The probe also took the first detailed closeup
    images of Mars' two small moons, Phobos and Deimos.

    MARINER 10 used Venus as a gravity assist to Mercury in 1974. The probe
    did return the first close-up images of the Venusian atmosphere in
    ultraviolet, revealing previously unseen details in the cloud cover,
    plus the fact that the entire cloud system circles the planet in four
    Earth days. MARINER 10 eventually made three flybys of Mercury from 1974
    to 1975 before running out of attitude control gas. The probe revealed
    Mercury as a heavily cratered world with a mass much greater than
    thought. This would seem to indicate that Mercury has an iron core which
    makes up 75 percent of the entire planet.


    PIONEER (MOON, SUN, VENUS, JUPITER, and SATURN FLYBYS AND ORBITERS)

    PIONEER 1 through 3 failed to meet their main objective - to photograph
    the Moon close-up - but they did reach far enough into space to provide
    new information on the area between Earth and the Moon, including new
    data on the Van Allen radiation belts circling Earth. All three craft
    had failures with their rocket launchers. PIONEER 1 was launched on
    October 11, 1958, PIONEER 2 on November 8, and PIONEER 3 on December 6.

    PIONEER 4 was a Moon probe which missed the Moon and became the first
    U.S. spacecraft to orbit the Sun in 1959. PIONEER 5 was originally
    designed to flyby Venus, but the mission was scaled down and it instead
    studied the interplanetary environment between Venus and Earth out to
    36.2 million kilometers in 1960, a record until MARINER 2. PIONEER 6
    through 9 were placed into solar orbit from 1965 to 1968: PIONEER 6, 7,
    and 8 are still transmitting information at this time. PIONEER E (would
    have been number 10) suffered a launch failure in 1969.

    PIONEER 10 became the first spacecraft to flyby Jupiter in 1973. PIONEER
    11 followed it in 1974, and then went on to become the first probe to
    study Saturn in 1979. Both vehicles should continue to function through
    1995 and are heading off into interstellar space, the first craft ever
    to do so.

    PIONEER Venus 1 (1978) (also known as PIONEER Venus Orbiter, or PIONEER
    12) burned up in the Venusian atmosphere on October 8, 1992. PVO made
    the first radar studies of the planet's surface via probe. PIONEER Venus
    2 (also known as PIONEER 13) sent four small probes into the atmosphere
    in December of 1978. The main spacecraft bus burned up high in the
    atmosphere, while the four probes descended by parachute towards the
    surface. Though none were expected to survive to the surface, the Day
    probe did make it and transmitted for 67.5 minutes on the ground before
    its batteries failed.


    RANGER (LUNAR LANDER AND IMPACT MISSIONS)

    RANGER 1 and 2 were test probes for the RANGER lunar impact series. They
    were meant for high Earth orbit testing in 1961, but rocket problems
    left them in useless low orbits which quickly decayed.

    RANGER 3, launched on January 26, 1962, was intended to land an
    instrument capsule on the surface of the Moon, but problems during the
    launch caused the probe to miss the Moon and head into solar orbit.
    RANGER 3 did try to take some images of the Moon as it flew by, but the
    camera was unfortunately aimed at deep space during the attempt.

    RANGER 4, launched April 23, 1962, had the same purpose as RANGER 3, but
    suffered technical problems enroute and crashed on the lunar farside,
    the first U.S. probe to reach the Moon, albeit without returning data.

    RANGER 5, launched October 18, 1962 and similar to RANGER 3 and 4, lost
    all solar panel and battery power enroute and eventually missed the Moon
    and drifted off into solar orbit.

    RANGER 6 through 9 had more modified lunar missions: They were to send
    back live images of the lunar surface as they headed towards an impact
    with the Moon. RANGER 6 failed this objective in 1964 when its cameras
    did not operate. RANGER 7 through 9 performed well, becoming the first
    U.S. lunar probes to return thousands of lunar images through 1965.


    LUNAR ORBITER (LUNAR SURFACE PHOTOGRAPHY)

    LUNAR ORBITER 1 through 5 were designed to orbit the Moon and image
    various sites being studied as landing areas for the manned APOLLO
    missions of 1969-1972. The probes also contributed greatly to our
    understanding of lunar surface features, particularly the lunar farside.
    All five probes of the series, launched from 1966 to 1967, were
    essentially successful in their missions. They were the first U.S.
    probes to orbit the Moon. All LOs were eventually crashed into the lunar
    surface to avoid interference with the manned APOLLO missions.


    SURVEYOR (LUNAR SOFT LANDERS)

    The SURVEYOR series were designed primarily to see if an APOLLO lunar
    module could land on the surface of the Moon without sinking into the
    soil (before this time, it was feared by some that the Moon was covered
    in great layers of dust, which would not support a heavy landing
    vehicle). SURVEYOR was successful in proving that the lunar surface was
    strong enough to hold up a spacecraft from 1966 to 1968.

    Only SURVEYOR 2 and 4 were unsuccessful missions. The rest became the
    first U.S. probes to soft land on the Moon, taking thousands of images
    and scooping the soil for analysis. APOLLO 12 landed 600 feet from
    SURVEYOR 3 in 1969 and returned parts of the craft to Earth. SURVEYOR 7,
    the last of the series, was a purely scientific mission which explored
    the Tycho crater region in 1968.


    VIKING (MARS ORBITERS AND LANDERS)

    VIKING 1 was launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida on August 20, 1975 on
    a TITAN 3E-CENTAUR D1 rocket. The probe went into Martian orbit on June
    19, 1976, and the lander set down on the western slopes of Chryse
    Planitia on July 20, 1976. It soon began its programmed search for
    Martian micro-organisms (there is still debate as to whether the probes
    found life there or not), and sent back incredible color panoramas of
    its surroundings. One thing scientists learned was that Mars' sky was
    pinkish in color, not dark blue as they originally thought (the sky is
    pink due to sunlight reflecting off the reddish dust particles in the
    thin atmosphere). The lander set down among a field of red sand and
    boulders stretching out as far as its cameras could image.

    The VIKING 1 orbiter kept functioning until August 7, 1980, when it ran
    out of attitude-control propellant. The lander was switched into a
    weather-reporting mode, where it had been hoped it would keep
    functioning through 1994; but after November 13, 1982, an errant command
    had been sent to the lander accidentally telling it to shut down until
    further orders. Communication was never regained again, despite the
    engineers' efforts through May of 1983.

    An interesting side note: VIKING 1's lander has been designated the
    Thomas A. Mutch Memorial Station in honor of the late leader of the
    lander imaging team. The National Air and Space Museum in Washington,
    D.C. is entrusted with the safekeeping of the Mutch Station Plaque until
    it can be attached to the lander by a manned expedition.

    VIKING 2 was launched on September 9, 1975, and arrived in Martian orbit
    on August 7, 1976. The lander touched down on September 3, 1976 in
    Utopia Planitia. It accomplished essentially the same tasks as its
    sister lander, with the exception that its seisometer worked, recording
    one marsquake. The orbiter had a series of attitude-control gas leaks in
    1978, which prompted it being shut down that July. The lander was shut
    down on April 12, 1980.

    The orbits of both VIKING orbiters should decay around 2025.


    VOYAGER (OUTER PLANET FLYBYS)

    VOYAGER 1 was launched September 5, 1977, and flew past Jupiter on March
    5, 1979 and by Saturn on November 13, 1980. VOYAGER 2 was launched
    August 20, 1977 (before VOYAGER 1), and flew by Jupiter on August 7,
    1979, by Saturn on August 26, 1981, by Uranus on January 24, 1986, and
    by Neptune on August 8, 1989. VOYAGER 2 took advantage of a rare
    once-every-189-years alignment to slingshot its way from outer planet to
    outer planet. VOYAGER 1 could, in principle, have headed towards Pluto,
    but JPL opted for the sure thing of a Titan close up.

    Between the two probes, our knowledge of the 4 giant planets, their
    satellites, and their rings has become immense. VOYAGER 1&2 discovered
    that Jupiter has complicated atmospheric dynamics, lightning and
    aurorae. Three new satellites were discovered. Two of the major
    surprises were that Jupiter has rings and that Io has active sulfurous
    volcanoes, with major effects on the Jovian magnetosphere.

    When the two probes reached Saturn, they discovered over 1000 ringlets
    and 7 satellites, including the predicted shepherd satellites that keep
    the rings stable. The weather was tame compared with Jupiter: massive
    jet streams with minimal variance (a 33-year great white spot/band cycle
    is known). Titan's atmosphere was smoggy. Mimas' appearance was
    startling: one massive impact crater gave it the Death Star appearance.
    The big surprise here was the stranger aspects of the rings. Braids,
    kinks, and spokes were both unexpected and difficult to explain.

    VOYAGER 2, thanks to heroic engineering and programming efforts,
    continued the mission to Uranus and Neptune. Uranus itself was highly
    monochromatic in appearance. One oddity was that its magnetic axis was
    found to be highly skewed from the already completely skewed rotational
    axis, giving Uranus a peculiar magnetosphere. Icy channels were found on
    Ariel, and Miranda was a bizarre patchwork of different terrains. 10
    satellites and one more ring were discovered.

    In contrast to Uranus, Neptune was found to have rather active weather,
    including numerous cloud features. The ring arcs turned out to be bright
    patches on one ring. Two other rings, and 6 other satellites, were
    discovered. Neptune's magnetic axis was also skewed. Triton had a
    canteloupe appearance and geysers. (What's liquid at 38K?)

    The two VOYAGERs are expected to last for about two more decades. Their
    on-target journeying gives negative evidence about possible planets
    beyond Pluto. Their next major scientific discovery should be the
    location of the heliopause.


SOVIET PLANETARY MISSIONS

    Since there have been so many Soviet probes to the Moon, Venus, and
    Mars, I will highlight only the primary missions:


    SOVIET LUNAR PROBES

    LUNA 1 - Lunar impact attempt in 1959, missed Moon and became first
	     craft in solar orbit.
    LUNA 2 - First craft to impact on lunar surface in 1959.
    LUNA 3 - Took first images of lunar farside in 1959.
    ZOND 3 - Took first images of lunar farside in 1965 since LUNA 3. Was
	     also a test for future Mars missions.
    LUNA 9 - First probe to soft land on the Moon in 1966, returned images
	     from surface.
    LUNA 10 - First probe to orbit the Moon in 1966.
    LUNA 13 - Second successful Soviet lunar soft landing mission in 1966.
    ZOND 5 - First successful circumlunar craft. ZOND 6 through 8
	     accomplished similar missions through 1970. The probes were
	     unmanned tests of a manned orbiting SOYUZ-type lunar vehicle.
    LUNA 16 - First probe to land on Moon and return samples of lunar soil
	      to Earth in 1970. LUNA 20 accomplished similar mission in
	      1972.
    LUNA 17 - Delivered the first unmanned lunar rover to the Moon's
	      surface, LUNOKHOD 1, in 1970. A similar feat was accomplished
	      with LUNA 21/LUNOKHOD 2 in 1973.
    LUNA 24 - Last Soviet lunar mission to date. Returned soil samples in
	      1976.


    SOVIET VENUS PROBES

    VENERA 1 - First acknowledged attempt at Venus mission. Transmissions
	       lost enroute in 1961.
    VENERA 2 - Attempt to image Venus during flyby mission in tandem with
	       VENERA 3. Probe ceased transmitting just before encounter in
	       February of 1966. No images were returned.
    VENERA 3 - Attempt to place a lander capsule on Venusian surface.
	       Transmissions ceased just before encounter and entire probe
	       became the first craft to impact on another planet in 1966.
    VENERA 4 - First probe to successfully return data while descending
	       through Venusian atmosphere. Crushed by air pressure before
	       reaching surface in 1967. VENERA 5 and 6 mission profiles
	       similar in 1969.
    VENERA 7 - First probe to return data from the surface of another planet
	       in 1970. VENERA 8 accomplished a more detailed mission in
	       1972.
    VENERA 9 - Sent first image of Venusian surface in 1975. Was also the
	       first probe to orbit Venus. VENERA 10 accomplished similar
	       mission.
    VENERA 13 - Returned first color images of Venusian surface in 1982.
		VENERA 14 accomplished similar mission.
    VENERA 15 - Accomplished radar mapping with VENERA 16 of sections of
		planet's surface in 1983 more detailed than PVO.
    VEGA 1 - Accomplished with VEGA 2 first balloon probes of Venusian
	     atmosphere in 1985, including two landers. Flyby buses went on
	     to become first spacecraft to study Comet Halley close-up in
	     March of 1986.


    SOVIET MARS PROBES

    MARS 1 - First acknowledged Mars probe in 1962. Transmissions ceased
	     enroute the following year.
    ZOND 2 - First possible attempt to place a lander capsule on Martian
	     surface. Probe signals ceased enroute in 1965.
    MARS 2 - First Soviet Mars probe to land - albeit crash - on Martian
	     surface. Orbiter section first Soviet probe to circle the Red
	     Planet in 1971.
    MARS 3 - First successful soft landing on Martian surface, but lander
	     signals ceased after 90 seconds in 1971.
    MARS 4 - Attempt at orbiting Mars in 1974, braking rockets failed to
	     fire, probe went on into solar orbit.
    MARS 5 - First fully successful Soviet Mars mission, orbiting Mars in
	     1974. Returned images of Martian surface comparable to U.S.
	     probe MARINER 9.
    MARS 6 - Landing attempt in 1974. Lander crashed into the surface.
    MARS 7 - Lander missed Mars completely in 1974, went into a solar orbit
	     with its flyby bus.
    PHOBOS 1 - First attempt to land probes on surface of Mars' largest
	       moon, Phobos. Probe failed enroute in 1988 due to
	       human/computer error.
    PHOBOS 2 - Attempt to land probes on Martian moon Phobos. The probe did
	       enter Mars orbit in early 1989, but signals ceased one week
	       before scheduled Phobos landing.

    While there has been talk of Soviet Jupiter, Saturn, and even
    interstellar probes within the next thirty years, no major steps have
    yet been taken with these projects. More intensive studies of the Moon,
    Mars, Venus, and various comets have been planned for the 1990s, and a
    Mercury mission to orbit and land probes on the tiny world has been
    planned for 2003. How the many changes in the former Soviet Union (now
    the Commonwealth of Independent States) will affect the future of their
    space program remains to be seen.


JAPANESE PLANETARY MISSIONS

    SAKIGAKE (MS-T5) was launched from the Kagoshima Space Center by ISAS on
    January 8 1985, and approached Halley's Comet within about 7 million km
    on March 11, 1986. The spacecraft is carrying three instru- ments to
    measure interplanetary magnetic field/plasma waves/solar wind, all of
    which work normally now, so ISAS made an Earth swingby by Sakigake on
    January 8, 1992 into an orbit similar to the earth's. The closest
    approach was at 23h08m47s (JST=UTC+9h) on January 8, 1992. The
    geocentric distance was 88,997 km. This is the first planet-swingby for
    a Japanese spacecraft.

    During the approach, Sakigake observed the geotail. Some geotail
    passages will be scheduled in some years hence. The second Earth-swingby
    will be on June 14, 1993 (at 40 Re (Earth's radius)), and the third
    October 28, 1994 (at 86 Re).


    HITEN, a small lunar probe, was launched into Earth orbit on January 24,
    1990. The spacecraft was then known as MUSES-A, but was renamed to Hiten
    once in orbit. The 430 lb probe looped out from Earth and made its first
    lunary flyby on March 19, where it dropped off its 26 lb midget
    satellite, HAGOROMO. Japan at this point became the third nation to
    orbit a satellite around the Moon, joining the Unites States and USSR.

    The smaller spacecraft, Hagoromo, remained in orbit around the Moon. An
    apparently broken transistor radio caused the Japanese space scientists
    to lose track of it. Hagoromo's rocket motor fired on schedule on March
    19, but the spacecraft's tracking transmitter failed immediately. The
    rocket firing of Hagoromo was optically confirmed using the Schmidt
    camera (105-cm, F3.1) at the Kiso Observatory in Japan.

    Hiten made multiple lunar flybys at approximately monthly intervals and
    performed aerobraking experiments using the Earth's atmosphere. Hiten
    made a close approach to the moon at 22:33 JST (UTC+9h) on February 15,
    1992 at the height of 423 km from the moon's surface (35.3N, 9.7E) and
    fired its propulsion system for about ten minutes to put the craft into
    lunar orbit. The following is the orbital calculation results after the
    approach:

	Apoapsis Altitude: about 49,400 km
	Periapsis Altitude: about 9,600 km
	Inclination	: 34.7 deg (to ecliptic plane)
	Period		: 4.7 days


PLANETARY MISSION REFERENCES

    I also recommend reading the following works, categorized in three
    groups: General overviews, specific books on particular space missions,
    and periodical sources on space probes. This list is by no means
    complete; it is primarily designed to give you places to start your
    research through generally available works on the subject. If anyone can
    add pertinent works to the list, it would be greatly appreciated.

    Though naturally I recommend all the books listed below, I think it
    would be best if you started out with the general overview books, in
    order to give you a clear idea of the history of space exploration in
    this area. I also recommend that you pick up some good, up-to-date
    general works on astronomy and the Sol system, to give you some extra
    background. Most of these books and periodicals can be found in any good
    public and university library. Some of the more recently published works
    can also be purchased in and/or ordered through any good mass- market
    bookstore.

    General Overviews (in alphabetical order by author):

      J. Kelly Beatty et al, THE NEW SOLAR SYSTEM, 1990.

      Merton E. Davies and Bruce C. Murray, THE VIEW FROM SPACE:
       PHOTOGRAPHIC EXPLORATION OF THE PLANETS, 1971

      Kenneth Gatland, THE ILLUSTRATED ENCYCLOPEDIA OF SPACE
       TECHNOLOGY, 1990

      Kenneth Gatland, ROBOT EXPLORERS, 1972

      R. Greeley, PLANETARY LANDSCAPES, 1987

      Douglas Hart, THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF SOVIET SPACECRAFT, 1987

      Nicholas L. Johnson, HANDBOOK OF SOVIET LUNAR AND PLANETARY
       EXPLORATION, 1979

      Clayton R. Koppes, JPL AND THE AMERICAN SPACE PROGRAM: A
       HISTORY OF THE JET PROPULSION LABORATORY, 1982

      Richard S. Lewis, THE ILLUSTRATED ENCYCLOPEDIA OF THE
       UNIVERSE, 1983

      Mark Littman, PLANETS BEYOND: DISCOVERING THE OUTER SOLAR
       SYSTEM, 1988

      Eugene F. Mallove and Gregory L. Matloff, THE STARFLIGHT
       HANDBOOK: A PIONEER'S GUIDE TO INTERSTELLAR TRAVEL, 1989

      Frank Miles and Nicholas Booth, RACE TO MARS: THE MARS
       FLIGHT ATLAS, 1988

      Bruce Murray, JOURNEY INTO SPACE, 1989

      Oran W. Nicks, FAR TRAVELERS, 1985 (NASA SP-480)

      James E. Oberg, UNCOVERING SOVIET DISASTERS: EXPLORING THE
       LIMITS OF GLASNOST, 1988

      Carl Sagan, COMET, 1986

      Carl Sagan, THE COSMIC CONNECTION, 1973

      Carl Sagan, PLANETS, 1969 (LIFE Science Library)

      Arthur Smith, PLANETARY EXPLORATION: THIRTY YEARS OF UNMANNED
       SPACE PROBES, 1988

      Andrew Wilson, (JANE'S) SOLAR SYSTEM LOG, 1987

    Specific Mission References:

      Charles A. Cross and Patrick Moore, THE ATLAS OF MERCURY, 1977
       (The MARINER 10 mission to Venus and Mercury, 1973-1975)

      Joel Davis, FLYBY: THE INTERPLANETARY ODYSSEY OF VOYAGER 2, 1987

      Irl Newlan, FIRST TO VENUS: THE STORY OF MARINER 2, 1963

      Margaret Poynter and Arthur L. Lane, VOYAGER: THE STORY OF A
       SPACE MISSION, 1984

      Carl Sagan, MURMURS OF EARTH, 1978 (Deals with the Earth
       information records placed on VOYAGER 1 and 2 in case the
       probes are found by intelligences in interstellar space,
       as well as the probes and planetary mission objectives
       themselves.)

    Other works and periodicals:

    NASA has published very detailed and technical books on every space
    probe mission it has launched. Good university libraries will carry
    these books, and they are easily found simply by knowing which mission
    you wish to read about. I recommend these works after you first study
    some of the books listed above.

    Some periodicals I recommend for reading on space probes are NATIONAL
    GEOGRAPHIC, which has written articles on the PIONEER probes to Earth's
    Moon Luna and the Jovian planets Jupiter and Saturn, the RANGER,
    SURVEYOR, LUNAR ORBITER, and APOLLO missions to Luna, the MARINER
    missions to Mercury, Venus, and Mars, the VIKING probes to Mars, and the
    VOYAGER missions to Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.

    More details on American, Soviet, European, and Japanese probe missions
    can be found in SKY AND TELESCOPE, ASTRONOMY, SCIENCE, NATURE, and
    SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN magazines. TIME, NEWSWEEK, and various major
    newspapers can supply not only general information on certain missions,
    but also show you what else was going on with Earth at the time events
    were unfolding, if that is of interest to you. Space missions are
    affected by numerous political, economic, and climatic factors, as you
    probably know.

    Depending on just how far your interest in space probes will go, you
    might also wish to join The Planetary Society, one of the largest space
    groups in the world dedicated to planetary exploration. Their
    periodical, THE PLANETARY REPORT, details the latest space probe
    missions. Write to The Planetary Society, 65 North Catalina Avenue,
    Pasadena, California 91106 USA.

    Good luck with your studies in this area of space exploration. I
    personally find planetary missions to be one of the more exciting areas
    in this field, and the benefits human society has and will receive from
    it are incredible, with many yet to be realized.

    Larry Klaes  klaes@verga.enet.dec.com

[FAQ and Darius' response deleted]



I am myself an SDA and I am in total agreement with what Darius has to say.  
I also worship on Saturday to honor the Lord.  Your mention of "[esteeming] 
all days alike" IMO has to do with the fast days observed by the Jews.  But 
no matter how you interpret that passage, I do accept your worship on Sunday 
as being done in honor of the Lord, in contrast with what many of my fellow 
SDA believers may believe.  To me, though, the bible overwhelmingly points 
to Saturday as the day to be kept in honor of creation and of God's 
deliverance of the Israelites from Egyptian bondage.  To those who would 
attempt to point out that my observance of Saturday is being legalistic, 
this is simply not the case.  Rather, keeping Saturday allows me a full day 
to rest and contemplate God's goodness and grace.



The idea was introduced to me once that the reason Paul wanted the 
Corinthians to lay aside money for the collection on the first day of the 
week was because that was when they received their weekly wages.  Paul 
wanted them to lay aside money for the collection as first priority, before 
spending their money on other things.  I do not have any proof in front of 
me for this though, although it would explain why they would lay aside money 
in their homes instead of a meeting.  


It would seem to me that you assume that the christians in the NT regularly 
worshipped on the first day.  I assume that the christians in the NT 
regularly worshipped on the seventh day.  But I agree with you that we only 
have implications because the authors did assume the reader knew when worhip 
was.
Howdy all,

Where could I find a screen-grabber program for MS-Windows?  I'm 
writing up some documentation and it would be VERY helpful to include
sample screens into the document.

Please e-mail as I don't usualy follow this group.

Thanks a lot,

Grant

I had spacefood sticks just about every morning for breakfast in
first and second grade (69-70, 70-71).  They came in Chocolate,
strawberry, and peanut butter and were cylinders about 10cm long
and 1cm in diameter wrapped in yellow space foil (well, it seemed
like space foil at the time).  

The taste is hard to describe, although I remember it fondly.  It was
most certainly more "candy" than say a modern "Power Bar."  Sort of
a toffee injected with vitamins.  The chocolate Power Bar is a rough
approximation of the taste.  Strawberry sucked.

Man, these were my "60's."


Ethnocentric USian that I am, I've assumed that we and the
xUSSR were the only countries with significant capabilities to track
non-cooperative objects in low Earth orbit. Grazing in a couple of 
databases recently,  I found that Japan has some optical capabilities
along this line, and also uses a radar designed for other purposes
for orbital debris surveys (it isn't clear whether the radar can 
determine orbital elements for the objects it detects). Abstracts of 
the articles are appended. 


    This leads to the more general question: do yet other people than 
the US, Russia, and Japan do space surveillance, and if so, how and 
why? 

Allen Thomson              SAIC                        McLean, VA, USA
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
                         ABSTRACTS

Optical tracking of the experimental geodetic satellite (EGS)
TAKABE, MASAO; ITABE, TOSHIKAZU; ARUGA, TADASHI
Radio Research Laboratory, Review (ISSN 0033-801X), vol. 34,
March 1988, p. 23-34. In Japanese, with abstract in English.
     This paper reports the optical tracking results of EGS
(experimental geodetic satellite) which was launched on August 13,
1986, by NASDA. The EGS optical tracking experiment process and an
outline of the Radio Research Laboratory (RRL) optical ground       <----
station are discussed. A star tracking technique for optical
equipment calibration and satellite tracking technique for orbit
prediction improvement are also described. The accuracy of EGS
tracking data obtained by RRL at the request of NASDA is also
discussed. In addition, it is briefly demonstrated that the
position of the Japanese amateur satellite (JAS-1) which was
launched with the EGS, was accurately determined by means of a      <----
satellite tracking video. It is clear from this experiment that     <----
optical observation data (i.e., satellite direction data) are very  <----
useful for satellite orbit determination during initial launch      <----
stages. Furthermore, the results confirm the effectivenes of these  <----
two satellite optical tracking techniques.                          <----


MU radar measurements of orbital debris
SATO, TORU; KAYAMA, HIDETOSHI; FURUSAWA, AKIRA; KIMURA, IWANE
(Kyoto University, Japan)
AIAA, NASA, and DOD, Orbital Debris Conference: Technical Issues and 
Future Directions, Baltimore, MD, Apr. 16-19, 1990. 10 p. 
RPN: AIAA PAPER 90-1343
     Distributions of orbital debris versus height and scattering cross 
section are determined from a series of observations made with a high-
power VHF Doppler radar (MU radar) of Japan. An automated data 
processing algorithm has been developed to discriminate echoes of 
orbiting objects from those of undesired signals such as meteor trail 
echoes or lightning atmospherics. Although the results are preliminary, 
they showed good agreement with those from NORAD tracking radar      <----
observations using a much higher frequency. It is found that the     <----
collision frequency of a Space Station of 1 km x 1 km size at an 
altitude of 500 km with orbiting debris is expected to be as high as 
once per two years. 


Monitoring of the MU radar antenna pattern by Satellite Ohzora (EXOS-C)
SATO, T.; INOOKA, Y.; FUKAO, S. (Kyoto Univ., Japan); KATO, S.
Kyoto Univ., Uji (Japan). Radio Atmospheric Science Center.
In International Council of Scientific Unions, Middle Atmosphere Program.
Handbook for MAP, Vol. 20 5 p
Publication Date: Jun. 1986
      As the first attempt among MST (mesosphere stratosphere 
troposphere) type radars, the MU (middle and upper atmosphere) radar 
features an active phased array system. Unlike the conventional large 
VHF radars, in which output power of a large vacuum tube is distributed 
to individual antenna elements, each of 475 solid state power amplifier 
feeds each antenna element. This system configuration enables very fast 
beam steering as well as various flexible operations by dividing the 
antenna into independent subarrays, because phase shift and signal 
division/combination are performed at a low signal level using 
electronic devices under control of a computer network. The antenna 
beam can be switched within 10 microsec to any direction within the 
zenith angle of 30 deg. Since a precise phase alignment of each element 
is crucial to realize the excellent performance of this system, careful 
calibration of the output phase of each power amplifier and antenna 
element was carried out. Among various aircraft which may be used for 
this purpose artificial satellites have an advantage of being able to 
make a long term monitoring with the same system. An antenna pattern 
monitoring system for the MU radar was developed using the scientific 
satellite OHZORA (EXOS-C). A receiver named MUM (MU radar antenna 
Monitor) on board the satellite measures a CW signal of 100 to 400 
watts transmitted from the MU radar. The principle of the measurement 
and results are discussed.

Sorry to clog up the news group with this message.

Wayne Rigby, I have the info you requested, but for some
reason I can not mail it to you.  Please contact me!
Send email address.
j
-- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"No Real Programmer can function without caffeine" - Zen + Art of Internet

     _/_/_/_/_/  _/_/_/_/_/  _/_/  _/_/        John S. Muller
        _/      _/          _/  _/  _/         muller@diego.llnl.gov
       _/      _/_/_/_/_/  _/  _/  _/          muller@sisal.llnl.gov
 _/   _/              _/  _/      _/           jmuller@libserv1.ic.sunysb.edu 
 _/_/_/      _/_/_/_/_/  _/      _/            

"You are not drunk until you have to grab the grass,
 to keep the grass from falling off the earth" - Some Stupid Comedian


Wow.  I was beginning to think that I had made that up.  I remember that
movie (it was about 1.5 hours long).  I don't think they ended up anywhere
in the known universe.  

I remember they got a message halfway out to Proxima Centauri, that Earth
transmitted a day after they launched, timed to catch up with them at the
halfway point.  I thought it was neat, I think I was all of 10 at the time.

 
Space:1999 has just come out with 4 episodes released in American stores.
I will look for the Into Infinity show, I never did know that was the
name of it, I thought the show was called "the day after tomorrow", and
that was it.



George.

	It's called a democracy.  The majority rules.  sorry.
If ytou don't like it, I suggest you modify the constitution to include
a constitutional right to Dark Skies.   The theory of government
here is that the majority rules,  except in the nature of fundamental
civil rights.   If you really are annoyed,   get some legislation
to create a dark sky zone,  where in all light emissions are protected
in the zone.  Kind of like the national radio quiet zone.  Did you
know about that?  near teh Radio telescope  observatory in West virginia,
they have a 90?????? mile EMCON zone.  Theoretically they can prevent
you from running light AC motors, like air conditioners and Vacuums.
In practice, they use it mostly to  control  large radio users.



------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ocean Reconnaissance Launch Surprises West
Space News, April 5-11, 1993, p.2
[Excerpts]
     Russia launched its first ocean reconnaissance satellite in 26 months 
March 30, confounding Western analysts who had proclaimed the program dead. 
     The Itar-TASS news agency announced the launch of Cosmos 2238 from 
Plesetsk Cosmodrome, but provided little description of the payload's mission. 
     However, based on the satellite's trajectory, Western observers 
identified it as a military spacecraft designed to monitor electronic 
emissions from foreign naval ships in order to track their movement. 
     Geoff Perry of the Kettering Group in England... [said]  Western 
observers had concluded that no more would be launched. But days after the 
last [such] satellite re-entered the Earth's atmosphere, Cosmos 2238 was 
launched. 

"Cosmos-2238" Satellite Launched for Defense Ministry
Moscow ITAR-TASS World Service in Russian  1238 GMT 30 March 1993
Translated in FBIS-SOV-93-060, p.27
by ITAR-TASS correspondent Veronika Romanenkova
     Moscow, 30 March -- The Cosmos-2238 satellite was launched at 1600 Moscow 
time today from the Baykonur by a "Tsiklon-M" carrier rocket. An ITAR-TASS 
correspondent was told at the press center of Russia's space-military forces 
that the satellite was launched in the interests of the Russian Defense 
Ministry. 

Could it be Public Missile, Inc in Michigan?

From the description of ad here, it sounds like they're talking about
"High Power Rocketry", an outgrowth of model rocketry.  This hobby
uses non-metallic structural compoments and commerically manufactured
engines ranging in impulse classification from G to P.  The hobby
has been flourishing from early 1980s and is becoming increasing popular.
Technically this is not consider amateur rocketry.

Any rocket with a liftoff weight greater than 3.3 pounds OR using a
total impulse of G or greater, REQUIRES an FAA waiver to launch.
Typically, a group of people get an FAA waiver for specified period
of time (ie week, weekend, etc.) at a designated site and time, and
all of the launches are then covered under this "blanket waiver".
There is also a "High Power Safety Code" which designates more
specific rules such as launch field size, etc.

Finally, in order to purchase any of the larger (Class B) rocket 
motors you need to certified through either the National Association
of Rocketry or Tripoli Rocketry Association. Certification procedures
require a demonstarted handling and "safe" flight at a total impulse
level.

For more information, watch rec.models.rockets newsgroup.

I love the idea of progressive developmental prizes, but the assumption
has
been all along that only the U.S. Gummint could fund the prizes.  It
wouldn't and couldn't do such a thing ... BUT ...

An eccentric billionaire COULD offer such a prize or series of prizes.

Anyone know H. Ross Perot or Bill Gates personally?
The people who post to this particular newsgroup are either too cowardly,
too arrogant, or too apathetic to discuss this issue since I have yet to
see any discussion grace my computer screen.  While it holds PARTICULAR
interest to the African-American community, everyone has something to gain
from discussing it.  As any knowledgable person should know, Christianity
has been used in this country to tighten the spiritual, emotional, & mental
hold slavery placed on the minds, souls & hearts of African-Americans. 
This was most effectively done by the display of white icons of Jesus in
slave churches to encourage the godly superiority of slaveowners.  It
wasn't enough that the slaveowner was your provider, but he was also your
GOD, to be looked upon with unconditional love & loyalty and to be
worshipped with great pride.  But how culturally & biblically accurate are
these icons?  Pictures & statues of a Black Jesus have been found in
European countries, as that of a Black Madonna.  But what about Biblical
physical descriptions of Jesus, His hair being compared to that of wool,
His feet to that of brass?  And think about the area of the world where all
Biblical actions took place.  I welcome all intelligent commentary on this
important topic; flamers need not reply.

Sherlette 

P.S.  I expect at least THIS type of response:  "It doesn't matter what
color His skin was; His actions & what He did for mankind are what counts."
 This is true; I am not questioning this.  But He walked the earth for 3
decades as a HUMAN; this part of His existence intrigues me.  And as for
saying that "it doesn't matter..."  to a member of a physically emancipated
people who is still struggling for MENTAL emancipation, believe me:  IT
MATTERS.
How much better to get wisdom than gold, to choose understanding rather
than silver! 




Yes, long before Star Trek.  Before Einstein, in fact.

Vulcan as a planet inside Mercury was hypothesized to explain a perturbation
of Mercury's orbit that could not be explained by the known planets.  But
Einstein's theory of relativity explained Mercury's motion, and analysis
of Mercury's motion now shows there are _not_ any planets inside its orbit.

Who said Christians want to conform to the teachings of Jesus?


     TRIAD, the first drag-free satellite, was designed and built by the 
Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory and launched 2 Sept 1972.  The 
satellite was in three sections separated by two booms.  The central section 
housed the DISCOS Disturbance Compensation System, which consisted of a proof 
mass of special non-magnetic alloy housed within a spherical cavity.  The 
proof mass flew a true gravitational orbit, free from drag and radiation 
pressure.  Teflon microthrusters kept the body of the satellite centered 
around the proof mass, thereby flying the entire satellite drag free.

     TRIAD was one of the APL-designed Navy Navigation Satellites.  The 
2nd-generation operational navigation satellites flying today (NOVA) use a 
single-axis version of DISCOS.  TRIAD was also the sixth APL satellite to be 
powered by an RTG (APL flew the first nuclear power supply in space, in 1961).

     Further info on TRIAD, DISCOS, etc. can be found in "Spacecraft Design 
Innovations in the APL Space Department," Johns Hopkins APL Technical Digest, 
Vol. 13, No. 1 (1992).
McDonnell Douglas rolls out DC-X

        HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. -- On a picture-perfect Southern
California day, McDonnell Douglas rolled out its DC-X rocket ship last
Saturday.  The company hopes this single-stage rocket technology
demonstrator will be the first step towards a single-stage-to-orbit (SSTO)
rocket ship.

        The white conical vehicle was scheduled to go to the White Sands
Missile Range in New Mexico this week.  Flight tests will start in
mid-June.

        Although there wasn't a cloud in the noonday sky, the forecast for
SSTO research remains cloudy.  The SDI Organization -- which paid $60
million for the DC-X -- can't itself afford to fund full development of a
follow-on vehicle.  To get the necessary hundreds of millions required for
a sub-orbital DC-XA, SDIO is passing a tin cup among its sister government
agencies.

        SDIO originally funded SSTO research as a way to cut the costs for
orbital deployments of space-based sensors and weapns.  However, recent
changes in SDI's political marching orders and budget cuts have made SSTO
less of a priority.  Today, the agency is more interested in using DC-X as
a step towards a low-cost, reusable sounding rocket.

        SDIO has already done 50 briefings to other government agencies,
said Col.  Simon "Pete" Worden, SDIO's deputy for technology.  But Worden
declined to say how much the agencies would have to pony up for the
program. "I didn't make colonel by telling my contractors how much money I
have available to spend," he quipped at a press conference at McDonnell
Douglas Astronautics headquarters.

        While SDIO has lowered its sights on the program's orbital
objective, agency officials hail the DC-X as an example of the "better,
faster, cheaper" approach to hardware development.  The agency believes
this philosophy can produce breakthroughs that "leapfrog" ahead of
evolutionary technology developments.

        Worden said the DC-X illustrates how a "build a little, test a
little" approach can produce results on time and within budget.  He said
the program -- which went from concept to hardware in around 18 months --
showed how today's engineers could move beyond the "miracles of our
parents' time."

        "The key is management," Worden said. "SDIO had a very light hand
on this project.  We had only one overworked major, Jess Sponable."

        Although the next phase may involve more agencies, Worden said
lean management and a sense of government-industry partnership will be
crucial. "It's essential we do not end up with a large management
structure where the price goes up exponentially."

        SDIO's approach also won praise from two California members of the
House Science, Space and Technology Committee. "This is the direction
we're going to have to go," said Rep.  George Brown, the committee's
Democratic chairman. "Programs that stretch aout 10 to 15 years aren't
sustainable....NASA hasn't learned it yet.  SDIO has."

        Rep.  Dana Rohrbacher, Brown's Republican colleague, went further.
Joking that "a shrimp is a fish designed by a NASA design team,"
Rohrbacher doubted that the program ever would have been completed if it
were left to the civil space agency.

        Rohrbacher, whose Orange County district includes McDonnell
Douglas, also criticized NASA-Air Force work on conventional, multi-staged
rockets as placing new casings around old missile technology. "Let's not
build fancy ammunition with capsules on top.  Let's build a spaceship!"

         Although Rohrbacher praised SDIO's sponsorship, he said the
private sector needs to take the lead in developing SSTO technology.

        McDonnell Douglas, which faces very uncertain prospects with its
C-17 transport and Space Station Freedom programs, were more cautious
about a large private secotro commitment. "On very large ventures,
companies put in seed money," said Charles Ordahl, McDonnell Douglas'
senior vice president for space systems. "You need strong government
investments."

        While the government and industry continue to differ on funding
for the DC-XA, they agree on continuing an incremental approach to
development.  Citing corporate history, they liken the process to Douglas
Aircraft's DC aircraft.  Just as two earlier aircraft paved the way for
the DC-3 transport, a gradual evolution in single-stage rocketry could
eventually lead to an orbital Delta Clipper (DC-1).

        Flight tests this summer at White Sands will "expand the envelope"
of performance, with successive tests increasing speed and altitude.  The
first tests will reach 600 feet and demonstrate hovering, verticle
take-off and landing.  The second series will send the unmanned DC-X up to
5,000 feet.  The third and final series will take the craft up to 20,000
feet.

        Maneuvers will become more complex on third phase.  The final
tests will include a "pitch-over" manever that rotates the vehicle back
into a bottom-down configuration for a soft, four-legged landing.

        The flight test series will be supervised by Charles "Pete"
Conrad, who performed similar maneuvers on the Apollo 12 moon landing.
Now a McDonnell Douglas vice president, Conrad paised the vehicles
aircraft-like approach to operations.  Features include automated
check-out and access panels for easy maintainance.

        If the program moves to the next stage, engine technology will
become a key consideration.  This engine would have more thrust than the
Pratt & Whitney RL10A-5 engines used on the DC-X.  Each motor uses liquid
hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants to generate up to 14,760 pounds of
thrust

        Based on the engine used in Centaur upper stages, the A-5 model
has a thrust champer designed for sea level operation and three-to-on
throttling capability.  It also is designed for repeat firings and rapid
turnaround.

        Worden said future single-stage rockets could employ
tri-propellant engine technology developed in the former Soviet Union.
The resulting engines could burn a dense hydrocarbon fuel at takeoff and
then switch to liquid hydrogen at higher altitudes.
sm[?]>a real Christian unless you're born again is a very fundamental biblical
sm[?]>conversion and regeneration are 'probably' part of some small USA-based cult


Some of these "cults", which seems like a rather dismissive term
to me, are pretty big here in the USA.  Most of them
are quite respectable & neiborly & do not resemble Branch Davidians
in the least; confusing them is a mistake.  What about "live &
let live", folks?  I'm sure we can uncover a few extremist loonies
who are Catholic -- the anti-abortion movement in the USA seems to have a
few hard cases in it, for example.


I have to agree Matthew with this; I have certainly encountered a lot
of anti-Catholic-religion propaganda & emotion (& some bigotry) from
members of certain religious groups here.  They also practice their
missionary work with zeal among Catholics in the United States, but to
someone who is or was raised Catholic such rhetoric is pretty
off-putting.  It may work better in an environment where there's a lot
of popular anti-clericalism.

Follow-ups set elsewhere, this no longer seems very relevant to Celtic issues
to me.

jubilee, Pope >Leo the 12th had a medallion cast with his own image on
one side and on >the other side, the Church of Rome symbolized as a
"Woman, holding in >her left hand a cross, and in her right a cup with
legend around her, >'Sedet super universum',  'The whole world is her
seat."

	You read more into the medal than it is worth.  The Woman is the
Church.  Catholics have always called our Church "Holy Mother Church"
and our "Mother."  An example would be from St. Cyprian of Carthage, who
wrote in 251 AD, "Can anyone have God for his Father, who does not have
the Church for his mother?"
	Hence the image of the Church as a woman, holding a Cross and a Cup,
which tell of the Crucifxition of Our Lord, and of the power of His
Blood (the grail legend, but also, more significantly, it shows that
"This is the Cup of the New Covenant in my blood, which shall be shed
for you and for many." (Luke 22.20), the Cup represents the New Covenant
and holds the blood of redemption).  The fact that the woman is holding
both and is said to have the whole world for her seat, is that the
Catholic Church is catholic, that is universal, and is found throughout
the world, and the Church shows the Crucifixtion and applies the blood
of redemption to all mankind by this spread of hers, thorugh which the
Holy Sacrafice of the Mass, can be said and celebrated in all the
nations as Malachi predicted in Malachi 1.11, "From the rising of the
sun to its setting, my name is great among the gentiles, and everywhere
there is sacrafice, and there is offered to my Name a clean oblation,
for my Name is great among the gentiles, says the Lord of hosts."  And
so we acknowledge what St. Paul wrote "For as often as you eat this
bread and drink this cup, you show the Lord's death until he comes." (1
Corinthians 11.26)

	You are quite right about the identification of "Babylon the Great,
Mother of all Harlots" with Rome.  I think we simply disagree as to what
time period of Rome the Apostle John is talking about.
All of the arguments concerning the Sabbath ought to make the point
pretty clear - anyone outside of the Catholic or Orthodox orAnglican or
Monophysite churches ourght to worship on Saturday if they are really
sola scriptura.  Otherwise, they are following a law put into effect by
the Church, and only the above Chruches really recognize any power of
the Chruch to do so.

Andy Byler

[You will note that nothing in the FAQ said anything about the Church
establishing or changing a law.  The argument against the Sabbath is
that it is part of the ceremonial law, and like the rest of the
ceremonial law is not binding on Christians.  This argument is based
on Paul's letters, Acts, and in a more general sense, Jesus'
teachings.  Further, most people argue that Scripture shows worship
occuring on Sunday, and Paul endorsing it.  I understand that these
points are disputed, and do not want to go around the dispute one more
time.  The point I'm making here is not that these arguments are
right, but that the backing they claim is Scripture.

Accepting the principle of "sola scriptura" does not commit us to
obeying the entire Jewish Law.  Acts 15 and Paul's letters are quite
clear on that.  I think even the SDA's accept it.  The disagreement is
on where the Bible would have us place the line.

By the way, Protestants do give authority to the church, in matters
that are not dictated by God.  That's why churches are free to
determine their own liturgies, church polity, etc.  If you accept that
the Sabbath is not binding on Christians, then the day of worship
falls into the category of items on which individual Christians or
(since worship is by its nature a group activity) churches are free to
decide.

   Nick Haines sez;
   >(given that I've heard the Shuttle software rated as Level 5 in
   >maturity, I strongly doubt that this [having lots of bugs] is the case).

   Level 5?  Out of how many?  What are the different levels?  I've never
   heard of this rating system.  Anyone care to clue me in?

This is a rating system used by ARPA and other organisations to
measure the maturity of a `software process' i.e. the entire process
by which software gets designed, written, tested, delivered, supported
etc.

See `Managing the Software Process', by Watts S. Humphrey, Addison
Wesley 1989. An excellent software engineering text. The 5 levels of
software process maturity are:

1. Initial
2. Repeatable
3. Defined
4. Managed
5. Optimizing

The levels are approximately characterized as follows:

1. no statistically software process control. Have no statistical
   basis for estimating how large software will be, how long it will
   take to produce, how expensive it will be, or how reliable it will
   be.  Most software production is at this level.

2. stable process with statistical controls, rigorous project
   management; having done something once, can do it again. Projects
   are planned in detail, and there is software configuration
   management and quality assurance.

3. The process is defined and understood, implementation is
   consistent. This includes things like software inspection, a
   rigorous software testing framework, more configuration management,
   and typically a `software engineering process group' within the
   project.

4. Statistical information on the software is systematically gathered
   and analysed, and the process is controlled on the basis of this
   information. Software quality is measured and has goals.

5. Defects are prevented, the process is automated, software contracts
   are effective and certified.

I have personally know quite of few of the Wycliffe Bible Translators.
As an organization their fundamental purpose is to translate the scriptures
into the native languages which in terms usual means learning it and 
developing a written language (along with teaching the natives to read).
It is not associated with the U.S. govt. at all.  Many governments
want the help of the translators.  To the best of my knowledge the 
Mexican government now encourages them to come.  Their idea is not
cultural interference but the presentation of the Good News.

To understand more about what they do, I suggest you read some of the books
(autobiographical and biographical) about some of the translators.  One
that stands out in my mind as an excellent is called "Peace Child."
This would give a true picture of what their mission is.

I agree with this statement, but we cannot also accept what others
say without looking into the issues.  That would be the same as taking 
Suddan's discussion about the CIA, etc. as being true.  We must look
at both sides.
Getting an image from a computer monitor to a videotape
is harder than it looks.  The standard VGA and EGA outputs are 
very different than the NTSC format used by televisions.  While
there is equipment that will do the conversion, it is hard to
get your hands on and costs quite a bit.

	If you have access to an Amiga computer, that has an
NTSC output, you can transfer certain types of graphic files by
modem and tape them from the NTSC output.  Unfortunately, this
would be frame-by-frame and would lead to unbelievably scratchy
animation unless you had a good Amiga animation program.

Of course if this question was asked in a group dealing with economics,
the answer would be that the cause of war was economic. My observations
over the past 30 years (and not withstanding a little history reading
beside) is that while religious differences do play a part in many of
the conflicts, so does (unfortunately) race, economics and any other
items that identify one group of men as being different from another.

If we want to couch the cause of conflict in Christian terms, I would
put it while Christ died for our sins, we are yet sinners. While some
individuals assume "Christlike" natures, most of us do not even
come close.

I realize that in many ways this is a trite answer, but I guess that
it is my way of rationalizing man's constant (or so it seems)
conflict.


---------------------------------------------------------------------
Two developments have brought these type of activities back to
the forefront in 1993.  First, in February, the Russians deployed a
20-m reflector from a Progress vehicle after it had departed from
the Mir Space Station.  While this "Banner" reflector was blank,
NPO Energia was very active in reporting that future  Banner
reflectors will be available to advertisers, who could use a space-
based video of their logo or ad printed on the Banner in a TV
commercial, as filmed from the Mir.
   The second development, has been that Space Marketing Inc, the
same company responsible for merchandising space on the Conestoga
booster and COMET spacecraft, is now pushing the "Environmental
Billboard".  As laid out by SMI Chief Engineer Dr Ron Humble of the
University of Colorado Space Laboratory and Preston Carter of the
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, the "Environmental
Billboard" is a large inflatable outer support structure of up to
804x1609 meters.  Advertising is carried by a mylar reflective area,
deployed by the inflatable 'frame'.
   To help sell the concept, the spacecraft responsible for
maintaining the billboard on orbit will carry "ozone reading
sensors" to "continuously monitor the condition of the Earth's
delicate protective ozone layer," according to Mike Lawson, head of
SMI. Furthermore, the inflatable billboard has reached its minimum
exposure of 30 days it will be released to re-enter the Earth's
atmosphere. According to IMI, "as the biodegradable material burns,
it will release ozone-building components that will literally
replenish the ozone layer." The remaining spacecraft will monitor
the atmosphere for another year before it, too, re-enters and burns
up and "adds to the ozone supply."
   This would not be a cheap advertisement, costing at least several
millions of dollars (exact costs were not available).  But SMI
estimates that market exposure would be 3-5X that of the people who
watched the SuperBowl, where a 30-second advertising 'unit' cost
$600,000.  Since SMI is located in Atlanta, Georgia, it is being
promoted as being available in time for the opening of the 1996
Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
  
But back to Brian's questions:
  
    See above. As for serious -- if they can get $15-20 M or so (my
estimate of $5-10 for development costs and a flight unit, plus
$10-15 M for a launch), then it's probably real.  They are claiming to
tailor the orbit to overfly specific locations at specific times for
optimum advertising impact so they probably can't piggy back upon
someone else's planned launch and will have to buy a dedicated
launch.  That's a $10-15 M cost they need to raise, right there.
    And there will probably be some legal challenges to this as
well.  Note there is one potential legal challenge to SMI on the use
of launch vehicle advertising already.  While I don't think the
legal challenges would win out (and yes, I am an amateur astronomer,
and no, I don't really like the idea of this additional light
pollution, but I know of no prohibition of it...),  the legal
challenges and court fights would probably remove any positive
aspects of the advertising.  I can imagine several ways to make the
advertisers look like louts for doing this -- which would change
positive market exposure to negative market exposure, and negate the
space advertising advantage.  (Would you spend $15 M to look like an
idiot?)
   (And light pollution might not be too bad -- if it's in a low
enough orbit, and it relies upon reflected light only, it would
only be visible for a short time just after local dusk and before
dawn.  For maximum market exposure, you want to have it visible just
after dusk --minimizing impact on astronomy, since that's the time
of worse seeing due to day/night thermal turbulence.  It might still
be a problem, but perhaps there are ways to mitigate this...)
    As for having real funding -- none that I can identify.  There
were about 60 expressions of interest made on the Conestoga
advertising opportunity, but that included curious folks and was for
only a $500,000 commitment.  I haven't heard of any serious funding
for this, but I'm sure they are shopping the venture around looking
for some money in order to flesh out the concept some more.  But I
am confident there are no firm or paying customers at this time.
  
   And if anybody wants to cross-post this to sci.astro, please be
my guest.  I don't have posting privileges to that area (or at least
I don't THINK I do...).
 -------------------------------------------------------------------
 Wales Larrison                            Space Technology Investor
Tony-

While I honestly believe you believe you are doing a "good thing" by posting
that piece of propaganda, I believe the more people believe that the more they
will feel justified in their blatant persecution of gay oriented people.  I
have seen the film called "The Gay Agenda" and along with my church we found
it to be horrifying.  Not because of what was actually shown (cleaver use of
editting can create any image one wants to portray), rather becaseu we are familia
familiar with how widely it was actively distributed and how many naive people
are actually believing the garbage found within it.  The truth is that neither
you nor I can fully speak for anyone who calls themself gay, but knowing as
many as I do and knowing their testimonies and witnessing thier faith and life
I have to say that the report you posted is a very biased report, something
obviously claimed against gays as well.  The truth is that unless YOU are
innately gay you cannot know what harm you are causing.  I speak as an
abolitionist who supports affirming gay rights in our society.  I do not
support wild sex or any other misrepresentations perpetrated by Christian
Fundamentalist extremists, but I know people who are not the sexual deviants
your report paints them to be.  It is no mistake that the APA removed
homosexuality from it's list of mental illnesses, it is also no mistake that
there are many Christians and homophobes who long to bring it back to the list.
I do not feel threatened by gays, I don't understand why others are.

The following is an article concerning two of the more popular ex-gay min-
istries:  Exodus International & Homosexuals Anonymous.

THE FOUNDER OF AN "EX-GAY" SUPPORT GROUP CHOOSES HOMO OVER HETERO

by Robert Pela (from Gay oriented magazine ADVOCATE)

In December 1985, David Caligiuri received one of The Advocate's homophobia rewaa
awards: the A Prayer A Day Keeps the Lust Away citation.  As director of FREE
INDEED, a national ex-gay ministry, Caligiuri was singled out for offering
discontented gays and lesbians "a way out of the homosexual death-style"
through prayer.  "I'd like to give the award back," Caligiuri now laughs, "I'm
no longer deserve it."
  Caligiuri's eight year involvement with the national "ex-gay" movement peaked
with his founding of the Phoenix chapter of Homosexuals Anonymous (HA) as well
as Free Indeed.  He has since abandoned his pulpit and now says that the ex-
gay movement is a fruitless effort based on deception.  "There's no reality
in it," he says, "I was selling a product, and my product was a lie."
  Headed up by national ministries like Exodus International and Courage, the
organizations of the ex-gay movement rely on the tenents of born-again
Christianity to convince disatisfied homosexuals -- usually young gay men who
are just coming out -- that they can shed their sexuality by suppressing their
sexual urges and embracing Christianity.  "We offer support to people who are
seeking to leave the sin of homosexuality," explains Bob Davies, director of
Exodus.  He ventures that "about 80% of those seeking to abandon their homo-
sexuality are men."
  "Anybody who is involved in the ex-gay ministry is misguided and is wasting
their time," says Lisa Seeley, a former "redeemed lesbian" who worked with
Caligiuri as HA and appeared with him on the Sally Jessy Raphael show.  "These
organizations are for people who are spiritually and emotionally wounded."
  "It's possible to change your identity or your behavior," says sex educator
Brian McNaught, author of _On Being Gay_. "But it's really impossible to
change your orientation.  These people are no longer calling themselves gay,
but they continue to have same-sex erotic feelings."
  Caligiuri says he founded Free Indeed after an ominous week in 1981 when all
hell broke loose in his personal life.  A few days after his lover ended both
their romance and their business partnership, Caligiuri was sexually assaulted
by a man he picked up in a bar.  "I was really drunk," he recalls, "and I
went home with this guy.  He tied me up and raped me.  He left me tied up all
night, and the next morning he raped me again."
  When Caligiuri was eventually freed by the attacker, he returned home to the
home he shared with his ex-lover.  "He had another man there with him,"
Caligiuri recalls.  "I thought at this time, 'If this is what being gay is
about, I don't want to be this way anymore."
  Caligiuri vowed that if he could find a way out, he would share his discovery
with others.  He organized an antigay contingent to demonstrate at Phoenix's
gay pride parade in June 1985, and a few months later Free Indeed held its
first public protest.  At a meeting to promote a gay civil rights ordinance,
Free Indeed members loudly blasted gays, telling them ther were sinners headed
for hell.
  Free Indeed began receiving about a hundred telephone calls a week, thanks
in part to a deceptive listing in the local yellow pages.  "We were listed
under Lesbian and Gay Alternative Services," Caligiuri says, "so people
thought we were a gay information switchboard.  People would call to find out
where the local bars were, and we'd preach to them about the sins of homo-
sexuality."  Ruses like this are typical of the movement, Caligiuri says,
adding, "They'll do anything to reach these people."
  "David used to go on radio and say really stupid things," recalls Peter
Kelly, a counselor at Phoenix's Catholic diocese AIDS program, "like that
he knew he was gay when he started wearing pastel colors."
  Caligiuri's family first found out about his ministry when they saw him on
Raphael's syndicated talk show in 1985.  "They were relieved," he recalls.
"They figured that if they had to have a gay person in the family, better
that I should be a 'reformed' gay person."
  But Caligiuri was hardly reformed.  "By the time I appeared on Sally's
show," "I'd started having sex with men again.  Men would call our hotline
and tell me about thier latest sin: sex with their pastor, sex with their
father.  I was horny all the time."
  Unable to risk going to gay bars, where he might be recognized from his
numerous television appearances, Caligiuri says he "used to go to bookstores
and get blowjobs."  When he wasn't working the bookstores, he was sleeping
with other "reformed" homosexuals.
  "I didn't realize it at first, but a lot of the HA leaders were having sex
with one another," Caligiuri says.  "We'd go to conferences in other cities,
and we'd be paired up in hotel rooms.  Everybody was sleeping with everybody
else."
  By the time he appeared on 'AM Philadelphia' television show in May 1988,
Caligiuri was having anonymous sex a couple times a week.  When the show's
host asked him if he ever "acted on temptation," his answer was a lie.
  Caligiuri's duplicity began to take it's toll on him, however.  He was
suffering from chrinic fatigue syndrome and candidiasis, a dibilitating
yeast infection, and this led to his escape from the sect.  "I was too sick
to go to church," he explains.  "The more time I spent away from those people
the more I began to feel like myself.  I began to remember who I used to be."
  Late in 1991, Caligiuri turned Free Indeed phone lines over to a local
church and closed the ministry's doors.  "I'd convinced myself that there
is no need in the world for ex-gay people," he says.
  Today, Caligiuri, 31, is studying alternative spiritualities ("I'm interest-
ed in belief systems that aren't judgemental."), considering romance ("But
not with a CHristian!"), and searching for a new project to devote himself to.
"I feel compelled to commit myself to gay causes," he says.  "I want to
eventually stop feeling guilty about what I did and make up for the damage I
may have brought to our community."

---end article---

Caligiuri's tory is by no means unique and I have read several other articles
of former leaders and founders of 'ex-gay' ministries who have said very similar th
similar things.  Fortuantely not all of them have left Christianity, but have
come to realize that God loves them despite the attitudes of others.  Some,
like Chris Glaser, director of the Presbyterian "Lazarus Project" of West
Hollywood Presbyterian Church have actually been working with the gay community
to bring them into the sheepfold of Christ and encouraging real ethical values
of sexuality within the sphere of being gay.  I have also, as I said talked and become
and become close friends with many who once attended such groups as "Love In
Action" and others, who either once claimed to have been "reformed" or who
were too honest with themselves to live a lie, no matter who was disappointed
in them.  Some were even encouraged to marry as a way of "sealing" their
new heterosexuality, only to eventually start hitting the bars, bathhouses
and bookstores, since these were usually activities under the concealment of
night and one-night-stands of promiscuous behavior meant no continuous "sin"
through a committed relationship.  This is a horrible trap which the CHurch
has dumped on the backs of the truly gay oriented people, and the very inno-
cent victims in these cases are the wives and children of such marriages.  Yet
the church insists that there are only two options they are willing to allow
gay people: 1) heterosexuality or 2) celebacy.  This is sad.  What is also
mrtifying, is in the cases of those who cannot suppress their desires and
fear for thier sanity in such a mixed up confusion that the church forces on
them, they may even opt for 'suicide' or surgical dampering of the brain
functions.  In the past lobotomies and heavey drug suppressants were common-
place.  There are now becoming available more and more literature on the
threat of coercive Christianity toward gays, such as Sylvia Pennington's
_"Ex-Gays?  There Are None_. and others.  There are also a great many fact
based books being written to help people trapped in this confusion such as
Maury Johnston's _Gays Under Grace_, and Chris Glaser's _Come Hom!_.  I
seriously recommend those for people seeking help for this persecution and
self-acceptance.
[remainder of message deleted]

Pardon me for replying to only a portion of your message :)

The reason we can say "God just exists" and can't say "The universe just 
exists" is because the universe is a natural realm and is subject to natural 
laws in general and the law of cause and effect in particular.  That is, we 
observe in nature that every cause has an effect, and every effect was produced 
by a cause.  The existence of the natural realm, as an effect itself, cannot be 
its own cause; it must therefore have a supernatural cause.

God, on the other hand, is a supernatural being, and is therefore not subject 
to such natural laws as the law of cause and effect.  As a supernatural being, 
God's eternal existence does not imply a previous cause the way the existence 
of a physical, natural cosmos does.  Thus, those who believe in the 
supernatural have a valid basis for accepting the existence of uncaused 
phenomena such as the eternal God, whereas those who deny the existence of the 
supernatural are faced with the dilemma of a physical universe whose very 
nature shows that it is not sufficient to explain its own existence.

This is, of course, an oversimplification of a complex topic, but I just wanted 
to clarify some important differences between the supernatural (God) and the 
natural (the universe), since you seem to mistake them as being 
interchangeable.

                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
So you believe in the existance of One creator I assume.



Ok, god has the disclaimer, reserves the right to judge individual
cases.  If we believe him to be loving, then we also believe him to be
able to serve justice to all.  Don't worry if a Jew, or athiest is
going to heaven or hell, for that is god to judge (although truly
if you were concerned you could only worry abput those who refuse to
believe/satisfy gods decrees) as much as keeping yourself straight.
If you see something going on that is wrong, discuss it and explore it
before making summary judgement.  People have enough free will to choose
for themselves, so don't force choices on them, just inform them
of what they're choices are.  God will take care of the rest in his justice.


I gues it is Keesler. The others do not ring the bell but they might be 
involved as well. Sometime ago Keesler was here at Langley teaching 
a course on space debris and, if my memory does not fai,l I think there
was even a reference to a book on the subject.

C.O.Egalon@larc.nasa.gov

Christians through ages have had to learn to be patient. I do think
it's time to face the reality. The events during the last 52 two
days showed what the world is really like.

Kent
As our local.religion.christian BBS group seems moribund, I'm posting here.

On one of the Sundays just before Easter I went to church.  The sermon was
based on a story in the Book of Joshua.  (The one about Joshua sending out
spies to the land he was planning to take)  What I particularly remember,
because of having heard part of a CBC radio documentary on Bosnia, was that
the Rahab (the woman who sheltered the spies) said that the people were
"melting in fear."  What with having heard that CBC radio documentary and
knowing that the Muslims in Bosnia were losing the war, I felt
uncomfortable.  After all, the Serbs are driving non-Christians out.  On
the other hand, ministers do say that the Bible is opposed to the values
held by our secular society.  Anyhow members of that church are involved in
out-of-country missionary work.  Also, the pastor has talked of spiritual
warfare and of bringing Christ to the nonreligious people of our area.

The next Sunday, the sermon was about Joshua 6 (where the Israelites
take Jericho and then proceed to massacre everybody there --- except
for Rahab, who had sheltered the spies).  With those reports about
Bosnia in my mind, I felt uncomfortable about the minister saying that
the massacre (the one in Joshua) was right.  But what really bothered
me was that, if I was going to try taking Christianity seriously, I
shouldn't be so troubled about the reports of "ethnic cleansing" in
Bosnia.  Certainly, my sympathies shouldn't be with the Moslims.
Considering that the Bosnian Muslims are descendants of Christians
who, under Turkish rule, converted to Islam could the Serbs be doing
God's work?
Has anyone written or seen a C library or C++ class for fixed-point math,
or good articles about same?

I pretty much know how to do this, but I have a few other wheels to invent
at the moment...

Thanks!


If possible (last I heard, it was out of print but they were considering 
reprinting) read Barbara Hambly's _Search the Seven Hills_.  It is 
historical fiction, set in Rome at the time of the early Church.  She 
captures the weirdness of the early Christians and yet gives glimpses of 
the holiness too.  Some of their odd views make a lot more sense in the 
context of the society they lived in.  I found it a remarkably positive 
view of Christianity considering that the author is not a Christian 
herself.  Another plus is that each chapter begins with an 
original-source quote so that it makes a good starting point for serious 
research.
Is life a pass/fail course, and does God grade on a
curve?
	I'm new here, and only vaguely religious, but I want to
know what some of you people think.  Specifically, are there an
infinite number of Heavens, and a person goes to the one that
he/she deserves?  Or is it simply Heaven or nothing (Hell?)
Also, are we "graded" by those around us, or has there always
been some unchanging method?  Is the person's childhood taken
into account?
	I'm sure these must sound like over-simplifications to
most of you, but I figure that you're the experts.

						-Quinn

[Eschatology is an area on which Christians do not agree.  I suspect
that's because our primary source of information is prophets and
visionaries, and their writings tend to be highly symbolic.  However
both Jesus' teachings in the Gospels and books such as the Revelation
to John talk primarily about the difference between eternal life and
eternal death.  On a number of occasions Jesus does say things that
imply some sort of differentiation, e.g. Lk 10:14 and a number of
similar passages where Jesus says things like "even XXX will be better
off than you in the judgement."  Also, I Cor 3 talks about someone who
gets into heaven, but by the skin of his teeth, as it were.  But these
passages are not normally interpreted as suggesting separate heavens,
so much as differing levels of prestige or punishment in heaven or
hell (and not all Christians would even go as far as that).  The only
Christian group I know of that believes in multiple heavens is the
Mormons, and they are very far from mainstream Christianity (far
enough that many of our readers would not call them Christian).  Their
ideas in this area involve specific Mormon revelations, in addition
to the Bible and "Holy Tradition" of a more generic Christian sort.

Note that many Christians will cringe at the very thought of
associating grading with God.  The whole point of Christ was to free
us from the results of a test that we couldn't possibly pass.  If you
like test analogies, God grades on a very strict and unbending scale,
but he also cheats -- he replaces our test papers with an exam that
was prepared by the teacher, before actually doing the grading.
Because some people end up in heaven and others in hell, it's easy to
see why you'd be inclined to think of it as grading.  While there are
differences among branches of Christianity on details, I think we all
agree that in one way or another, God cheats.

I am personally very sceptical about anyone who claims to know exactly
how far God's cheating extends.  Will he accept people who don't
explicitly acknowledge Christ, but somehow still follow him in their
hearts?  Many Christians believe that this is possible, at least in
principle, but certainly not all do.  Jesus provided us with a clear
description of how to be saved, but it's not clear to me that he
provided an exact description of how he's going to place the dividing
line.  Certainly he made it clear that we can't expect to know whether
other individuals are saved or not.


Well, if you're going to get upset with this, you might as well direct
some of this moral outrage towards Glavcosmos as well.  They pioneered
this capitalist application of booster adverts long before NASA.
(Sign of the times: a Sony logo on a Soyuz launcher...)


This sounds like something Lowell Wood would think of.  Does anyone
know if he's involved?


This may be the purpose for the University of Colorado people.  My
guess is that the purpose for the Livermore people is to learn how to
build large, inflatable space structures.


If this is true, I think it's a great idea.

Learning how to build to build structures in space in an essential
step towards space development, and given that Freedom appears to be
shrinking towards the vanishing point, I question whether NASA's space
station is going to provide much, if any, knowledge in this area.
(Especially if a design such as Faget's wingless orbiter is chosen...)
If such a project also monitors ozone depletion and demonstrates
creative use of (partial) private sector funding in the process -- so
much the better.


And does anyone have any more details other than what was in the WN
news blip?  How serious is this project?  Is this just in the "wild
idea" stage or does it have real funding?


Not yet.  Though, if this project goes through, I suppose The Return
of Jeremy Rifkin is inevitable...
--
_______________________________________________________________________________

Also remember that every dollar spent keeping one spacecraft in safe mode
(probably a spin-stabilized sun-pointing orientation) is a dollar not
spent on mission analysis for a newer spacecraft.  In order to turn the
spacecraft back on, you either need to insure that the Ops guys will be
available, or you need to retrain a new team.

Having said that, there are some spacecraft that do what you have proposed.
Many of the operational satellites Goddard flies (like the Tiros NOAA 
series) require more than one satellite in orbit for an operational set.
Extras which get replaced on-orbit are powered into a "standby" mode for
use in an emergency.  In that case, however, the same ops team is still
required to fly the operational birds; so the standby maintenance is
relatively cheap.

Finally, Pat's explanation (some spacecraft require continuous maintenance
to stay under control) is also right on the mark.  I suggested a spin-
stabilized control mode because it would require little power or 
maintenance, but it still might require some momentum dumping from time
to time.

In the end, it *is* a political decision (since the difference is money),
but there is some technical rationale behind the decision.

[...stuff deleted...]

Andy-- I think we do agree, given your clarification of how we were 
each using the terms fact and theory.  I'll only add that I
think perhaps I feel more strongly about separating them,
though your usage is quite valid.


I'll add here that any falsification or rejection does not in any way
reduce its current usefulness.  So long as it accurately predicts or 
describes things we can observe.

Not to be a pain in the ass, but is there any reason you don't
just say _the theory of evolution_ rather than the _fact of evolution
is still a theory_.  I'm asking because this whole thread got started
because I was bothered by a post that referred to _the fact of evolution_,
basically leaving off the phrase _is still a theory_.  Without a 
clarification, like the one you just gave, just saying _the fact of
evolution_ has a very different meaning to me.

I'm not sure I agree here.  Again, it may be because I feel stronger
about separating terms.  I was trying to say that the _theories_
proposed to explain the _mechanisms_ and the _mechanisms_ themselves
are the only realities here.  It is the existence of mechanisms, not 
the things themselves, that are so predictive as to be considered 
fact (as you would say).  There aren't really little planetary particle 
systems called atoms out there.  Or I should say, and more to my original 
point, it would be a leap of faith to say there are, because we observe only 
the mechanisms.  There is no need to _believe_ there are _actually_
atoms out there as we have decided to think about them.  It's enough
to discuss the mechanisms.  At any rate, I'm not sure I am being 
any clearer than before, but I thought it was worth a shot.

The bottom line, though, is I think we agree on two fundamental ideas:

   1. --evolution is a theory supported by observational evidence (my way)
      --the fact of evolution is a theory supported by observational
        evidence (your way)

   2. --creation is just an opinion.  If a theist wants to call it
        a theory then he can.  I won't:  it has no supporting evidence 
	and it neither predicts nor supports any observations that can
        be made.  With no mechanisms to talk about, there really isn't
	much to say.

Do you agree?



Well it rolled out two weeks ago. As we speak it is at White Sands getting
ready. I would have called my sources for the latest but they are all out
of town (in NM).

As for the future, there is at least $5M in next years budget for work
on SSRT. They (SDIO) have been looking for more funds and do seem to have
some. However, SDIO is not (I repeat, is not) going to fund an orbital
prototype. The best we can hope from them is to 1) keep it alive for
another year, and 2) fund a suborbital vehicle which MIGHT (with
major modifications) just make orbit. There is also some money for a
set of prototype tanks and projects to answer a few more open questions.

Better news comes from the new Spacelifter effort. The USAF managers of
this program are very open to SSTO and will have about $50M next
year for studies. This would be enough to bring DC-Y to PDR.

Now not all of this money will go to DC but a good case could be made
for spending half on DC.

Public support is STILL critical. Meet with your Congressperson (I'll
help you do it) and get his/her support. Also call your local media
ans get them to cover the flight tests.

   Allen
A few points about Mary's being taken into heaven at the end of her life on
earth:

One piece of evidence for Mary's assumption into heaven is the fact
that no Christian church ever claimed to be the sight where she was
buried. Some Christian churches claimed to be located at the final
resting places of Peter, Mark, and other saints, but no one ever
claimed to possess the body of Mary, the greatest of the saints. Why?
Because everyone knew that she had been taken up into heaven.

Although there is no definitive scriptural proof for the assumption of
Mary, some passages seem suggestive, like the passage in Revelation
that describes a woman giving birth to a Son and later being crowned
in the heavens. Of course, the woman in this passage has other
interpretations; she can also be taken a symbol for the Church.

The assumption of Mary makes sense because of her relationship to
Christ.  Jesus, perfect God and perfect man, fulfilled the
requirements of the law perfectly.  Under the law God gave to us, we
are to honor our mother and father, and Christ's act of taking his
mother into heaven is part of his fulfillment of that law. Also, he
took his flesh from her, so it seems appropriate that he decide not to
allow her flesh to rot in the grave.

One last point: an ex-Catholic attempted to explain Catholic doctrine
on the assumption by asserting it is connected to a belief that Mary
did not die. This is not a correct summary of what Catholics believe.
The dogma of the assumption was carefully phrased to avoid saying
whether Mary did or did not die. In fact, the consensus among Catholic
theologians seems to be that Mary in fact did die. This would make
sense: Christ died, and his Mother, who waited at the foot of the
cross, would want to share in his death.
There were some recent developments in the dispute about Masonry among
Southern Baptists.  I posted a summary over in bit.listserv.christia, and
I suppose that it might be useful here.  Note that I do not necessarily
agree or disagree with any of what follows: I present it as information.

 *

For a short summary:  a Southern Baptist named Larry Holly wrote a book
claiming that Freemasonry is a religion incompatible with Christianity.
(Mr Holly's father rejects Christianity, and Mr Holly blames that on the
Masons.)

The SBC's Home Missions Board includes an interfaith witness department,
which studies other religions and how to teach them about Christ.  A few
years ago, they were ordered to produce a report on Masonry: they concluded
that it was not a religion, and therefore was outside their speciality.
However, Mr Holly led a movement of people who oppose Masonry, and
last year the Convention again ordered the HMB to study Masonry.  (I got the
feeling that they were saying "You got the wrong answer last time, try to
do better and get the answer we want.")

Anyway, there's been a bit of infighting and some inappropriate actions, but
the dust has settled and the report is in.  Nobody is entirely happy with it,
but everybody seems willing to live with it.  Both sides are saying things
such as: "This was the best we were going to get in the current environment."

The report commends the Masons for the charity work they do, such as the
hospitals and burn centers they operate, as well as efforts to help the
elderly and prevent drug abuse.  The report acknowledges that many well-
known Christians are and have been Masons, and notes that many teachings
of Masonry are "supportive of Christian faith and practice".  Examples of
the latter include belief in God, emphases on honesty and integrity, and
that some Masonic lodges incorporate explicit Christian beliefs.

On the other hand, they note that some aspects of Masonry are incompatible
with Southern Baptist principles.  These included the use of titles which some
people consider sacrilegious, the taking of certain oaths (even though they
are not meant seriously), the "undeniably pagan and/or occultic" writings of
some Masonic leaders, the implication in some Masonic writings that salvation
can be achieved by good works, and the racial discrimination practiced by many
Masonic lodges.  (I note with some chagrin that Baptist churches as a whole
aren't really in a place to speak on this last point.)


The report concludes that Masonry is not a religion, and says that membership
should not be endorsed or censured, but left to the discretion of individuals.
This was in part because there is variation among different Masonic Lodges,
and while one may include elements strongly against Christianity, another may
not.  Many Southern Baptists have strong convictions about the priesthood of
the believer and the autonomy of the local church, and this history probably
influenced how the report came out.

 *

The information above was gleaned from "The Religious Herald", a publication
of the Baptist General Association of Virginia, and "Baptists Today", which
does not have any direct links to a religious organisation.  (Autonomy is a
big issue among some Baptists.  8-)

Because I have neither the report itself, nor whatever Masonic documents are
relevant to these issues, none of the above comes with a guarantee.  Your
mileage may vary.  Void where prohibited.


Darren F Provine / kilroy@gboro.rowan.edu

Milton:  "We use only the finest baby frogs, dew picked and flown from Iraq,
          cleansed in finest quality spring water, lightly killed, and then
          sealed in a succulent Swiss quintuple smooth treble cream milk
          chocolate envelope and lovingly frosted with glucose."

   McDonnell Douglas rolls out DC-X

 ...


   SSTO research remains cloudy.  The SDI Organization -- which paid $60
   million for the DC-X -- can't itself afford to fund full development of a
   follow-on vehicle.  To get the necessary hundreds of millions required for

This is a little peculiar way of putting it, SDIO's budget this year
was, what, $3-4 billion? They _could_ fund all of the DC development
out of one years budget - of course they do have other irons in the
fire ;-) and launcher development is not their primary purpose, but
the DC development could as easily be paid for by diverting that money
as by diverting the comparable STS ops budget...

- oh, and before the flames start. I applaud the SDIO for funding DC-X
devlopment and I hope it works, and, no, launcher development is not
NASAs primary goal either, IMHO they are supposed to provide the
enabling technology research for others to do launcher development,
and secondarily operate such launchers as they require - but that's
just me.
Apologies if this gets posted twice, but I don't think the first one
made it.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
   FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE           Contact:  OASIS (310) 364-2290

   15 April 1993                                Los Angeles, CA

     LOCAL NATIONAL SPACE SOCIETY CHAPTERS SPONSOR TALK BY L.A.
  ADVOCATE OF LUNAR POWER SYSTEM AS ENERGY SOURCE FOR THE WORLD

   On April 21, the OASIS and Ventura County chapters of the National 
Space Society will sponsor a talk by Lunar Power System (LPS) co-
inventor and vice-president of the LPS Coalition, Dr. Robert D.
Waldron.  It will be held at 7:30 p.m. at the Rockwell Science
Center in Thousand Oaks, CA.

   Dr. Waldron is currently a Technical Specialist in Space
Materials Processing with the Space Systems Division of Rockwell
International in Downey, California.  He is a recognized world
authority on lunar materials refinement.  He has written or
coauthored more than 15 articles or reports on nonterrestrial
materials processing or utilization.  Along with Dr. David
Criswell, Waldron invented the lunar/solar power system concept.

   Momentum is building for a coalition of entrepreneurs, legal
experts, and Soviet and U.S. scientists and engineers to build
the Lunar Power System, a pollution-free, energy source with a
potential to power the globe.

   For the past three years members of the coalition, nearly half
from California, have rejuvenated the commercial and scientific
concept of a solar power system based on the Moon.

   The LPS concept entails collecting solar energy on the lunar
surface and beaming the power to Earth as microwaves transmitted
through orbiting antennae.  A mature LPS offers an enormous
source of clean, sustainable power to meet the Earth's ever
increasing demand using proven, basic technology.

   OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Space
Industrialization) is the Greater Los Angeles chapter of the
National Space Society, which is an international non-profit
organization that promotes development of the space frontier.
The Ventura County chapter is based in Oxnard, CA.

       WHERE:  Rockwell Science Center Auditorium, 1049 Camino
               Dos Rios, Thousand Oaks, CA.


How about:

	The Holocaust
	The Spanish Inquisition
	Jonestown

(just to name a few) ?

Authorities sometimes tell people to do evil things.  People who "just
follow orders" have tortured and killed others in very large numbers,
and protest their innocence afterwards.

When your authority starts telling you to do things, you should ask
questions.  Except for situations of pressing need ("I said shut the
hatch because the submarine is filling with water!"), any reasonable
authority should be able to give at least some justification that you
can understand.

Just be sure to listen when authority answers.

(If anybody is interested in questions of psychological pressure and
 following orders, you might want to read about a study done by Solomon Ashe
 in 1951 on conformity, and another done by Stanley Milgram in 1963 on
 obedience.  Both should be in any good book on psychology/sociology.  The
 results are both fascinating and terrifying.)

Ps.92:12: "The righteous shall flourish like the palm tree."




	Whoah  whoah  whoah  WHOAH!!!   What?!?

	That last paragraph just about killed me.  The Deuterocanonicals have
	ALWAYS been accepted as inspired scripture by the Catholic Church,
	which has existed much longer than any Protestant Church out there.
	It was Martin Luther who began hacking up the bible and deciding to
	REMOVE certain books--not the fact that the Catholic Church decided
	to add some much later--that is the reason for the difference between
	"Catholic" and "Protestant" bibles.  
perhaps you can tell your friend that you feel pressured by his
continual discussions of this topic -- surely he doesn't feel you
should be _pressured_ into something you feel uncomfortable about
(since christianity should be a choice one should make on one's own).
please also realize that he is doing this out of friendship -- he
probably feels you are missing out on something great, and wants to
tell you about it.  but since you know where you can learn about
christianity, you can tell him that it is now up to you to make that
choice, and if the choice is no, you should be respected for that.
personally i believe that a christian's mission is just to be
christ-like, showing his/her own faith and happiness in that faith,
and make sure people know they are welcome to talk to you about it.  i
do not believe in imposing your beliefs upon others -- but then again
everyone's definitions of "imposing" may differ.  
From article <C5owCB.n3p@world.std.com>, by tombaker@world.std.com (Tom A Baker):


My understanding is that the 'expected errors' are basically
known bugs in the warning system software - things are checked
that don't have the right values in yet because they aren't
set till after launch, and suchlike. Rather than fix the code
and possibly introduce new bugs, they just tell the crew
'ok, if you see a warning no. 213 before liftoff, ignore it'.

I'm sure the whole newspaper is copyrighted.  They could have gotten
permission to use the image under their own copyright.






The first means that some aspect of reality contains objective values.
The second means that values are a reference to some preference of the
individual.  In the first case, it is possible that some future discovery
might invalidate certain views re what objective values are.

--
I would like a reference to an algorithm that can detect whether 
one closed curve bounded by some number of bezier curves lies completely
within another closed curve bounded by bezier curves.

Thanks.
Hi !!! This is the response for Wayne Michael...and certainly for other-one :-)


I'm sorry for...

    1)  The late of the answer but I couldn't find xv221 for msdos 'cause 
	I forgot the address...but I've retrieve it..

    2)  Posting this answer here in comp.graphics 'cause I can't use e-mail,
	not yet....

   2) My bad english 'cause I'm a Swiss and my language is french....


After a long time I retrieve the address where you can find XV for Dos...

	Site	: omnigate.clarkson.edu
	Aliases	: grape.ecs.clarkson.edu
	Number	: 128.153.4.2

	/pub/msdos/djgpp/pub

	it's xv221.zip (?) I think...


Certainly you read the other answer from Kevin Martin... He write about DV/X 
(?). 

    What is it ?????? Could Someone answer ????
	
	Thanx in advance.... 

-- 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
*								    *
*  Pascal PERRET     		|	perret@eicn.etna.ch         *
*  Ecole d'ingnieur ETS	|	(Not Available at this time)*
*  2400 Le LOCLE		|				    *
*  Suisse 							    *
*		     !!!! Enjoy COMPUTER !!!!			    *
*								    *
:
:
:::Didn't Christ tell his disciples to arm them selves, shortly 
:::before his crusifiction? (I believe the exact quote was along the
:::lines of, "If you have [something] sell it and buy a sword.")
:
::This from a guy who preached love, deference of power to God and
::renunciation of worldly life in exchange for a life of the spirit? If
::Jesus did in fact command his disciples to arm themselves, I would
::take that as yet another reason to reject Christian doctrine, for
::whatever it's worth.

Like most religions, the doctrine has good and bad in it.  I would 
certainly reject the current implementations of the doctrine.
:
:No.  The above is a classic example of taking a scripture out of context.
:It's taken from Luke 22:36.  But note vs 37; "For I tell you that this
:which is written must be accomplished in me, namely, 'and he will be reckoned
:with lawless ones'...".  He then stated that two swords were enough
:for the group to carry to be counted as lawless.  

So having more than the politically correct number of weapons was
cause to be arresed and killed even then, huh?

:Jesus' overiding message was one of peace (turn other cheek; live by 
:sword die by sword; etc).

Yes, of course, as in Matthew 10:34-35 "Do not suppose that I have come to 
bring peace to the earth; it is not peace I have come to bring but a sword..."
:
RJL



  You haven't fully explained the atheist position.  Many theists believe that
there is "no proof of the existence of God" but choose to believe in him
anyway.  I haven't yet found an argument for atheism that can't quickly be
broken down to unprovable assumptions.  This isn't a problem with me (everybody
needs to have a faith) but if you believe that you can provide a "purely 
logical" argument for the nonexistence of God, I'd really like to see it.



  Ahh...but when you use science and reason, you have faith in certain beliefs
of the scientific method--for example:

  The physical laws of the universe are stable.
  Our observations of reality are a valid basis for a determination of truth.
  Objective reality exists.
  Logical argument is a valid way to answer all questions.
  
  Can you prove any of these?



If by that you mean anything on the GD approach, there was an article on
it in a recent Avation Week. I don't remember the exact date but it was
recent.

 Allen


Yes, that's true, but you have to be clear exactly what is
an uninterpreted observation. It's pretty low level stuff.
'The sun shines' is already a LOT higher level than that. We
can agree that 'I perceive brightness' perhaps.

Huh? What do you mean 'all in the same situation?' Let's take me
and Dennis Kriz as examples. We're in pretty different situations,
but I think we can agree as to whether it's day or night. I don't
think we can agree as to whether or not abortion is morally
acceptable. Yet we are certainly in the same difference of
situations with respect to each other. Looks like weasel-words
to me, Frank. 

That's up to you, I guess.

This 'different situations' stuff is pretty confusing, Frank. How
do we decide if we are in the same situation? You mind explaining?

Huh? I don't think so. I think that people disagree about
fundamental goals.

-Ekr


I may be interesting to see some brief selections posted to the net.
My understanding is that SSPX does not consider ITSELF in schism
or legitimately excommunicated.  But that's really beside the point.
What does the Roman Catholic church say?  Excommunication can be
real apart from formal excommunication, as provided for in canon law.

After all we Orthodox don't cinsider ourselves schismatic or
excommunicated.  But the Catholic Church considers us dissident.

If this is inappropriate for this group or beyond the charter,
I'm sure OFM will let us know.

Larry Overacker (llo@shell.com)
-- 
-------
Lawrence Overacker
Shell Oil Company, Information Center    Houston, TX            (713) 245-2965
llo@shell.com

How about brass or silver?  I've seen real chessboards that use that material.


Right here is as good a place as any.  Can't wait to see it.  I use the POV
raytracer - is it compatible enough for your chessboard?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     "I don't know if you've got the whole picture or not, but it doesn't 
      seem like he's running on all thrusters!" -- Leonard McCoy

     "A guess?  You, Spock?  That's extraordinary!" -- James T. Kirk

If no-one looks at the results, or acknowledges their correctness, in what
meaningful sense can the chip be said to "work"?? Does flibozity exist?
By "flibozity", I mean a particular, extremely complex configuration of 
physical phenomena, which no-one, absolutely NO-ONE cares about in the 
slightest. Does it exist, Eric?

Getting back to the question of whether the DES chip "works", doesn't "work" 
mean something like "achieving the desired/expected effect"? Note the way 
intentionality subtly underlies that definition. Even if we take the 
definition as "expected", instead of "desired", can you deny that conformance 
to expectations is itself a value of sorts, namely the scientific values of 
accuracy-of-prediction and reproducibility-of-results?

The phenomenologist Husserl, for one, considered Intentionality to be the
primary ontological "stuff" from which all other ontology was built --
perceptions, consciousness, thoughts, etc. Frank is by no means alone in
seeing intentionality (or "values", as he puts it) underlying all human
experience, even the so-called "objective" experiences, such as 
measurements of the natural world, or the output of your DES chip.

Well, if they were Satanists, or followers of an obscure religion,
then I would be sure that Christians would in unison condemn and 
make this to a show case. But when we are dealing with a fanatical
Revelation preacher that kills ultimately everyone, including the
innocent children, then it seems that we are dealing with Christians 
and christians (note the spelling).
 

And does not this show the dangers with religion -- in order 
word a mind virus that will make mothers capable of letting
their small children burn to ashes while they scream?

Cheers,
Kent

Well, knowing Greek and Hebrew, I'm probably not as picky about translations
as I would be if English translations were my only source of information.
BUT...

(1) Any verse that comes out substantially different in different trans-
lations is almost certainly unclear in the original. 

(2) It is very bad practice to "shop" for a translation that fits your own
doctrinal positions.

Personally, I still like the RSV.  NRSV and NASV are also very good.

I have a strong preference for editions that do _not_ indent the beginning
of each verse as if verses were paragraphs.  The verse numbering is a
relatively modern addition and should not be given undue prominence.


Dear Defiant (or Unfaithful or Pixie):

I will take up the challenge to reply, as I am a theist.

The foundation for faith in God is reason, without which the existence
of God could not be proven.  That His existence can be proven by reason
is indisputable (cf. my short treatise, "Traditional Proofs for the 
Existence of God," and Summa Theologica).

Now, given that God exists, and that His existence can be proven by reason,
I assert that His commands must be followed blindly, although in our fallen
condition we must always have some measure of doubt about our faith.  Why?

Because God is the First Cause of all things, the First Mover of matter,
the Independent Thing that requires nothing else for its existence, the
Measure of all that is perfect, and the essential Being who gives order
to the universe (logos).

I next assert that God is all good.  If this is so, then that which is
contrary to the will of God is evil; i.e., the absence of the good.  And,
since God can never contradict Himself, then by His promise of a Savior
as early as the Protoevangelium of Genesis 3:5, God instructs that because
a human (Adam) was first responsible for man's alienation from the Source
of all good, a man would be required to act to restore the friendship.
Thus God became incarnate in the person of the Messiah.

Now this Messiah claimed that He is the Truth (John 14:6).  If this claim
is true, then we are bound by reason to follow Him, who is truth incarnate.

You next seem to have a problem with authority.  Have you tried the United
States Marine Corps yet?  I can tell you first-hand that it is an excellent
instructor in authority.  If you have not yet had the privilege, I will
reply that the authority which is Truth Incarnate may never be questioned,
and thus must be followed blindly.  One may NOT deny the truth.  For
example, when the proverbial apple fell on Isaac Newton's head, he could
have denied that it happened, but he did not.  The laws of physics must
be obeyed whether a human likes them or not.  They are true. 

Therefore, the Authority which is Truth may not be denied.

QED
 
-- 
boundary


Hmmmm....  The prefix "peri-" is Greek, not Latin, so it's usually used
with the Greek form of the name of the body being orbited.  (That's why
it's "perihelion" rather than "perisol", "perigee" rather than "periterr",
and "pericynthion" rather than "perilune".)  So for Jupiter I'd expect it
to be something like "perizeon".)   :^)


Even if there was no independent proof that Luke's account was
valid, I find it strange that you would take the negation of it as
truth without any direct historical evidence (at least that you've
mentioned) to back it up.  The assertion was made, unequivocally
that no Christian ever sufferred for their faith by believing in
the Resurrection.  Luke's account suggests otherwise, and in the
absence of direct eyewitnesses who can claim that Luke is mistaken,
then I suggest that this unequivocal assertion is suspect.



-- 
John G. Ata - Technical Consultant | Internet:  ata@hfsi.com
HFS, Inc.		  VA20     |     UUCP:  uunet!hfsi!ata
7900 Westpark Drive	 MS:601	   |    Voice:	(703) 827-6810
McLean, VA  22102	           |      FAX:	(703) 827-3729

[I think the original claim may have been somewhat more limited than
this.  It was an answer to the claim that the witnesses couldn't
be lying because they were willign to suffer for their beliefs.
Thus it's not necessary to show that no Christian ever suffered
for believing in the Resurrection.  Rather the issue is whether
those who witnessed it did.

I do agree that the posting you're responding to shows that there
can be liberal as well as conservative dogmatism.
Does anyone know of a VL-Bus video card based on the ET4000 /W32 card?
If so: how much will it cost, where can I get one, does it come with more
than 1MB of ram, and what is the windows performance like?

In <Apr.23.02.55.31.1993.3123@geneva.rutgers.edu>
Tim asks:

   This is probably too simplistic for some, but John 3:16 saus,
   "For God so loved the world that He gave His only son, that
   whoever believes in Him should not perish but have eternal life".

   Genesis 15:6, "And he (Abram) believed the LORD; and He reckoned
   it to him as righteousness".

   I don't find anywhere that God restricts heaven to particular
   ethnic groups or religious denominations or any other category
   that we humans like to drop people into. But He does REQUIRE
   that we believe and trust Him. In Hebrews it says that God spoke
   of old by the prophets (the old testament), but in these last days
   he has spoken to us by His son Jesus Christ. And we learn of
   Him through the pages of the New Testament. The Bible tells us
   what we need to believe. For those who have never heard, I leave
   them in God's capable care, He will make himself known as he
   desires. It behooves each one of us to act upon the knowledge
   we have. If you reject the claims of Jesus, and still go to
   heaven, then the joke's on me. If you reject him and go to hell,
   that's no joke, but it will be final.


   Gerry
: Concerning the proposed newsgroup split, I personally am not in favor of
: doing this.  I learn an awful lot about all aspects of graphics by reading
: this group, from code to hardware to algorithms.  I just think making 5
: different groups out of this is a wate, and will only result in a few posts
: a week per group.  I kind of like the convenience of having one big forum
: for discussing all aspects of graphics.  Anyone else feel this way?
: Just curious.
: 
: 
: Daemon
: 

Yes. I also like knowing where to go to ask a question without getting
hell for putting it in the wrong newsgroup.

		......@compuserve.com
I am looking for a package which takes as inputs a set
of geometric objects defined by unions of convex polytopes
specified in some manner, say by inequalities and equalities,
and determines in some reasonable form things like
intersections, unions, etc. etc..

Does anyone know where I can find such a thing?

And how come we don't pass out bullet-proof vests in school
to promote safe gun usage? 


Darius> Let me suggest this.  Maybe those who believe in the eternal
Darius> hell theory should provide all the biblical evidence they can
Darius> find for it.  Stay away from human theories, and only take
Darius> into account references in the bible.

Like most topics, we've been through this one before, but here is
a good start:  Matthew 25:46:

"Then they will go away to eternal punishment, but the righteous
to eternal life."

I may post more on this subject when I have more time.  In any
case, it is clear that the fate of the damned is most unpleasant,
and to be avoided.

David Wagner			"Sola Scriptura!"
a confessional Lutheran

Sorry, Bryan, this is not quite correct. Remember the VGALIB package that comes
with Linux/SLS? It will switch to VGA 320x200x256 mode *without* Xwindows.
So at least it is *possible* to write a GIF viewer under Linux. However I don't
think that there exists a similar SVGA package, and viewing GIFs in 320x200 is
not very nice.

Best Regards,

Arno

-- 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Arno Schaefer				ENSIMAG, 2e Annee
Email: schaefer@silene.imag.fr
Tel.: (33) 76 51 79 95			:-)
Hi I am a Sociology student and I am currently researching into 
young offenders.  I am looking at the way various groups of 
children are raised at home.  At the moment I am formlulating 
information on discipline within the Christian home.

Please, if you are a parent in this catagory can you email me 
your response to the following questionaire.  All responses 
will be treated confidentially and will only be used to prepare 
stats.

1.  Ages & sexes of children

2.  Do you spank your kids?

3.  If so how often?

4.  Do you use an implement to spank with? 


5. If you do not spank, what method of discipline do you use?

6.  Your age?

7.  Your location

8.  While under the age of 16 did you ever commit a criminal 
offence?

9.  How ere you disciplined as a kid


Thank you in advance for any reply you can make.  Please e-mail 
your replies rather than post them on the newsgroup
Reply-To: pwhite@empros.com
 
 
Here in America people tend to think of choosing a church much like they
think of choosing a car or a country club. What I mean is that our 
culture is such that we tend towards satisfying our own wants rather
than considering things with others in mind and not making prayer 
an initial and primary part of the decision process. People tend to
treat church as they would a club and when something is less than to
their liking, off they go to another one.

I think that scripture presents the idea that God takes a different 
perspective on the "church choosing process". It seems to me from 1Cor 12
that God doesn't subscribe to the idea of us choosing a church at all
but that he places us in the body as he wants us. So, I think a better
question is not how do I choose a church but how do I figure out where
God is trying to place me.

If a person was instrumental in leading you to Christ, the church they
go to is a logical first choice. You have been born into the family of
God. People should hop around from church to church as often as they
hop from natural family to family.

If you met the Lord on your own (so to speak) there may not be an 
easily identifiable church to try for starters. Here you are more
like an orphan. Prayerfully go and "leave yourself on a few doorsteps"
and see if anyplace feels like home. 

I wouldn't expect that God want to place you in a church where you
have difficulty fitting in with the people, but on the other hand
there are no perfect churches. If you have an attitude of looking
for problems you will both find them and make them. On the other hand
if you have an attitude of love and committment, you will spread that
wherever you go. 

In general, I think that God will try to place you in a church that
talks about the Lord in the way that you have come to know him and is
expanding on that base.
I have been looking at some of the recent productions on homosexuality
and decided that I was interested in videotaped copies of these.  If
anyone can help me out here, I would very much appreciate it.

Here is what I am looking for:

* - "The Gay Agenda" produced by Ty Beeson's group The Report.

* - John Ankerberg's recent series "Understanding Homosexuality and
Experiencing Genuine Change."

* - James Kennedy's special on homosexuality which aired this week,
and the portion of the previous week's program which discussed "The
Gay Agenda."

I will not pay money for copies, since this is copyrighted material
and that would be illegal.  I will pay for return postage.  If
somebody can think of something they would desire in trade, please let
me know and I'll see what I can do.

Oh, BTW, I'm watching the March On Washington right now on C-SPAN. 
Other than the fact that I'm generally repulsed by what I'm watching,
I found one thing of interest.  General David Dinkins just finished
speaking, and remarked that the New York City delegation consists of
about 200,000 people.  Funny, I don't see 200,000 people out there,
period.  Must've been quite the party scene last night.  Or maybe
their exaggerations were just too much.

Sean Patrick Ryan****fsspr@aurora.alaska.edu or sean@freds.cojones.com
3215 Oregon Dr. #2, Anchorage, AK  99517-2048****907-272-9184****fnord
Abortion stops a beating heart****Disclaimer:  I didn't inhale, either
IDITAROD SCOREBOARD 1993 - MEN 16, WOMEN 5****Read alt.flame.sean-ryan
If the  new  Kuiper belt object *is*  called 'Karla', the next
one  should be called 'Smiley'.


Well, dozens of children left the compound between the original BATF assualt
and the FBI assault 7 weeks later. So if Koresh really wanted to kill
children, why did he let so many go?


Mr. Clinton said today that the horrible tragedy of the Waco fiasco
should remind those who join cults of the dangers of doing so.
Now, I began scratching my head thinking (a bad sign :-), "don't the 
mainstream religions (in this case Christianity...or the 7th day 
adventist in particular) just keep these guys going ? Isn't Mr. Clinton 
condemning his own religion ? After all, isn't it a cult too ?"

IMO, a Christian has no need of weapons.  I know it is very contrary to the
American NRA ethos of the right to bear arms, but Christians should rely on
the strength of God to protect them.  Note that I say *should*.  We are
inherently insecure but I feel that that is not proper justification to be
armed to the teeth.  A Christian should not have to rely on physical weapons
to defend himself.  A Christian should rely on his faith and intelligence.
For instance, I have the faith that God will protect me but God also gave
me the intelligence to know not to go walking down that dark alley at night.
To jump off a cliff and say that God will save me would be putting God to the
test.  And who are we to test God?

God be with you,

A freeze dried Tootsie Roll (tm).  The actual taste sensation was like nothing
you will ever willingly experience.  The amazing thing was that we ate a second
one, and a third and ....

I doubt that they actually flew on missions, as I'm certain they did "bad
things" to the gastrointestinal tract.  Compared to Space Food Sticks, Tang was
a gastronomic contribution to mankind.
--
Dillon Pyron                      | The opinions expressed are those of the
TI/DSEG Lewisville VAX Support    | sender unless otherwise stated.
(214)462-3556 (when I'm here)     |
(214)492-4656 (when I'm home)     |God gave us weather so we wouldn't complain
pyron@skndiv.dseg.ti.com          |about other things.
PADI DM-54909                     |

	Well....I don't know about its competing with 3D studio, but
it's pretty powerful allright.


	Yes, send e-mail to:

	imagine-request@email.sp.paramax.com

	With a header of something like subscribe.


	I actually work on the FAQ (frequently asked questions).  We
should have the new version out of it by next week, but if you want, I
could e-mail you the previous one.  It details what the list is etc...
as well as answering basic questions about Imagine.

	Hope this helps!



  There was an interesting article in Scientific American some time ago
about breathing liquid. (It was a few months before _The Abyss_ came out.)
As far as I can remember, they mentioned three things that were difficult
to do at once with a substitute breathing fluid:
  - low viscosity --- if it's too difficult to force the fluid in & out 
    of the lungs, you can't extract enough oxygen to power your own
    breathing effort (let alone anything else)

  - diffusion rate --- obviously, not all the air in your lungs is
    expelled when you breathe out; and the part that isn't expelled
    is the part that's nearest the walls of the alveoli. (alveolus?)
    So the trip from the blood vessels to the new air has to be done
    by diffusion of the gas through the fluid. Apparently oxygen
    tends to diffuse more readily than CO2, so even if you can get enough
    oxygen in, you might not be able to get enough CO2 out.

  - oxygen/CO2 capacity --- you have to be able to dissolve enough
    gas per unit volume. 

  Oh, and of course, your new breathing fluid must not irritate the lungs
or interfere with their healing or anything like that... 



So how much would it cost as a private venture, assuming you could talk the
U.S. government into leasing you a couple of pads in Florida? 


Could anyone direct me to the FTP site where I can find the DOS-based
morphing package called DMORF12.ZIP?  I had downloaded this file last week,
but the new DOS 6 crashed my hard drive and I lost it. Now I can't find the
site where I got it from.......

Also, are there any other morphing packages out for DOS (freeware or shareware)


Thanks in advance,
Barry

/---------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\___________________________________________________________________________/
-- 
I have the "osculating elements at perigee" of an orbit, which I need
to convert to something useful, preferably distance from the earth
in evenly spaced time intervals. A GSM coordinate system is preferable,
but I convert from other systems. C, pascal, or fortran code, or
if you can point me to a book or something that'd be great.

here's the first few lines of the file.

0  ()
1  (2X, A3, 7X, A30)
2  (2X, I5, 2X, A3, 2X, E24.18)
3  (4X, A3, 7X, E24.18)
1  SMA       SEMI-MAJOR AXIS
1  ECC       ECCENTRICITY
1  INC       INCLINATION
1  OMG       RA OF ASCENDING NODE
1  POM       ARGUMENT OF PERICENTRE
1  TRA       TRUE ANOMALY
1  HAP       APOCENTRE HEIGHT
1  HPE       PERICENTRE HEIGHT
2      3  BEG  0.167290000000000000E+05
3    SMA       0.829159999999995925E+05
3    ECC       0.692307999999998591E+00
3    INC       0.899999999999999858E+02
3    OMG       0.184369999999999994E+03
3    POM       0.336549999999999955E+03
3    TRA       0.359999999999999943E+03
3    HAP       0.133941270127999174E+06
3    HPE       0.191344498719999910E+05
2      1  REF  0.167317532658774153E+05
3    SMA       0.829125167527418671E+05
3    ECC       0.691472268118590319E+00
3    INC       0.899596754214342091E+02
3    OMG       0.184377521828175002E+03
3    POM       0.336683788851850579E+03
3    TRA       0.153847166458030088E-05
3    HAP       0.133866082767180880E+06
3    HPE       0.192026707383028306E+05

Thanks in advance,
I know people hate it when someone says somethings like "there was an article 
about that somewhere a while ago" but I'm going to say it anyway.  I read an
article on this subject, almost certainly in Space News, and something like
six months ago.  If anyone is really interested in the subject I can probably
hunt it down given enough motivation.
SOmebody mentioned  a re-boost of HST during this mission,  meaning
that Weight is a very tight  margin on this  mission.

How will said re-boost be done?

Grapple, HST,  stow it in Cargo bay,  do OMS burn to high altitude,  

unstow  HST,   repair  gyros,  costar install,  fix solar arrays,

then return to earth?

My guess is  why  bother with  usingthe shuttle to reboost?

why not  grapple,  do all said fixes,   bolt a small  liquid  fueled
thruster module  to  HST,   then let it make the re-boost.  it has to be
cheaper on mass then usingthe shuttle as a tug.   that way, now that
they are going to need at least 5  spacewalks,  then they can carry
an EDO pallet,  and  sit on station and even  maybe do the  solar array
tilt  motor  fix.
I am looking for some information of hidden line removal using Roberts
algorithm.  Something with code, or pseudo code would be especially
helpful.

I am required to do this for a class, due Monday (we have very little
time to implement these changes, it is a VERY FAST paced class).  The
notes given in class leave a LOT to be desired, so I would vastly
appreciate any help.

Actually any algorithm would be nice (Roberts or no).  The main problem
is two objects intersecting in x and y dimensions, need to know which
lines to clip off so that one object will appear in front of another.

If you can give me an ftp address and filename, or even the name of a
good book, I'd REALLY appreciate it.
In <lsjc8cINNmc1@saltillo.cs.utexas.edu> turpin@cs.utexas.edu (Russell Turpin)


I regard love as no more or less "benign" than any other Christian does.
You are merely expressing "approval" of the consequences I find therein.
Which says more about our politics and cultural trappings than about my
(or any) religion.  "Love" is a highly ambiguous word, of which Christians
can write both the "gentle" words Paul uses of it in 1 Corinthians -- in
a passage that even the "conservatives" will quote at you :-) -- and the
words of T. S. Eliot in his Pentacost Hymn, "Love is the unfamiliar Name
that wove the intolerable shirt of flame ..."

This is in any case rather to the side of what I was attempting to raise
in my note, as will become more evident below.


blechhh.  I think you are misreading me, rather seriously.  Though,
given my principle that one CANNOT force one's own notion of "sin" on
another, and my unshakeable "disestablishmentarianism", Russel Turpin
and others (believers and unbelievers alike) are under no threat of my
legislating my own understanding of Christian love.


You misread.  I can do (and have repeatedly done) a complete bill of
accusation against the Inquisition by exhibiting in as thorough a form
as anyone might want a demonstration of the harm it has done to human
beings (in the first place) and to respect for (let alone love of) "God"
in near succession.  Please go back to my quoted words above:

The "possibility that always exists" is that I (or, to revert to proper
time sequence, my predecessors over the last several centuries) could
persuade "Christian B" of my case that the Inquisition *does* indeed
constitute an egregious violation of the Law of Love.  I must also note
that the majority of Christians HAVE been so persuaded.  By Christian
argumentation, as well as by secular [both Christian and non-Christian]
prohibitions.

What Mr. Turpin alludes to is a trickier point:

	A.  I demonstrate the human pain and violation of love involved
	    in the Inquisition.

	B.  The Inquisitor responds that Mother Church must, however
	    painful this *seems*, "discipline" her children for their
	    own good -- in this case the salvation of their souls (or
	    if the tortured heretic will not recant, than by bad example
	    "deterring" others from the same loss-of-soul.)

	A.  I point out that this "justification" of a failure in love
	    depends on a highly speculative construal of texts and of
	    philosophical assertions that are quite undemonstrable.

	B.  Burns me at the stake.

My rhetoric has failed, but the point I am making is sustained.  What is
going on here has a *lot* to do with "cultural baggage."  In this case,
the baggage includes a (nearly universal, and absolutely secular) belief
that an accused person must prove innocence and that testimony is most
believable if taken under torture.  The elimination of Inqisitorial
practice (in those places where it *has* been eliminated, or at least
greatly reduced) has very little, if anything, to do with the discussion
of sin in the exchange between A and B.

Mr. Turpin is pointing out that, if I am A versus the Grand Inquisitor's B,
then my persuasion is not very likely to work.  I know this; and in what-
ever personal agony, I consign the issue to God and my ghostly defense
attorney.  So, "one possibility" fails in this case -- as it will fail in
may others.  At the other extreme, the "persuasion" will succeed when it
properly SHOULD not, if it entails mistaken assumptions I share with the
Inquisitor.  And that is potentially an even more troubling case, in that
many of the victims of Inquisition will have "accepted" that they were in
fact sinful (in such random cases as they may actually have been guilty
of charges brought against them.)

The point is that the "persuasion" breaks down when the parties do NOT
share enough to agree on all the cultural baggage -- and given the main
thrust of the Inquisition, against "heresy", it is *bound* to break down
in precisely the "worst" cases.  The "conservative" (I don't think that
is the right word, BTW) will take refuge in what I attribute to B above,
that he is "justified" in causing harm because he *thinks* that works to
a "greater good."  But this is a violent and extravagant REFUSAL to follow
the gospel, as if one's theories about "sin" entitled one to cast aside
Jesus' words on dealing with sinners (cf. Matthew 5:39ff).

I am a "radical" Christian *only* in that I take the gospel seriously.


Well, the whole *point* of making these the "base" commandments is that
they *aren't* reducible to rules.  A set of rules is a moral code or a
law code or an algorithm for acting.  Such things can be very helpful
to individuals or societies -- but not if they are used *instead* of a
personal involvement in and responsibility for one's actions.  The Great
Commandment is, more than anything else, a call to act *as if you were
God and accepting ultimate responsibility* in your every action.  A
demand that I, like most, would rather *not* hear, but it keeps popping
up nonetheless (along with the reassurance that it is more important
that I be open to trying this, than succeeding at it).  "Conservatives"
may twist this "act as if you were God" to mean "lay down rules for other
people and be as nasty to them as possible if they don't keep YOUR rules."
They are so insistent (and obvious) about this that they have convinced a
lot of people (who rightly reject the whole concept!) that such idiocy
IS how God acts.  That, after all, is the standard accusation "against
God" by the atheists here and elsewhere.  That the "conservatives" have
confused THEIR manipulative, hoop-jumping notions of coercing other
people with the Nature of God is almost the entire content of standard
American atheism -- and I quite agree with it on this point.


And different bodies of Christians have, from the beginning, urged
*different* "ethical systems" (or in some cases, none).  As a result,
it is bizarre to identify any one of these systems, however popular
(or infamous) with Christianity.  Christianity DOES NOT HAVE A TORAH.
It does not have a QU'RAN.  Specifically Christian scripture has very
little, if anything, in the way of "commandments" -- so little that
the "Christians" who desperately *want* commandments go "mining" for
them with almost no support (and thus almost no obvious limitation :-))
for their efforts.  The one, single, thing in the gospels which Jesus
specifically "gives" as "a commandment" to us is "love one another."

	[I will be expanding on this point in a reply to Paul Hudson
	 that I hope to get to in a day or so -- it is quite true that
	 SOME Christians infer LOTS of commandments from the NT; I'll
	 point out what has to be going on in these inferences, and why
	 there is a huge amount of "cultural baggage" involved.]

You are quite right that this is "goo" if one is looking for an ethical
system.

But why should anyone BE looking for an ethical system, since our
society is eager to hand us one or more no matter what we do?  It
may be that we need a principle for the CRITIQUE of ethical systems
-- in which case I will profer the _agapate allelou_ once again.


I think you are begging the question. Why don't I and the (myriads
of) other Christians like me tell you something about Christianity?
[Nor is this very new in Christianity -- you might want to look up
the origins and fundamental doctrines of the Quakers, from the 17th
century onwards, and they are not at all the first to understand the
gospel in a manner that is congenial to my case.]
	I'm looking for graphics (clipart, bmp, gif...) of anything relating to ophthalmology (I know it's a weird request). Anything such as eyeglasses, 
contact lenses, eyes...would be greatly appreciated. Thanks.

Michael Bushnell writes;


Which is exactly what I pointed out.  (Though I was wrong about your use
of the Creed, the 1913 Catholic Encylcopedia in which I read about it
said the Orthodox do use the Creed minus the filioque.  Apparently that
has changed.)  The Athanasian Creed has always had the Filioque, the
Nicene - Constantinopolitan did not.
	Of course the Orthodox did not delete the Filioque from the Nicene
Creed (it wasn't there to begin with), but they certainly did from the
Athanasian Creed, which did have it from the beginning.
	I might point out that the whole problem started over the difference in
ways of explaining the generation of the Blessed Trinity, the East
emphasizing the idea of the Holy Spirit proceeding from the Father
through the Son, and the West using proceeding from the Father and the
Son.  In fact, some, such as Tertullian, used both formulations (see
below)

	"Following, therefore, the form of these examples, I profess that I do
call God and His Word, - the Father and and His Son, - two.  For the
root and the stem are two things, but conjoined; the fountain and the
river are two kinds, but indivisible; the sun and the ray are two forms,
but coherent ones.  Anything which proceeds from another must
necessarily be a second to that from which it proceeds; but it is not on
that account separated from it.  Where there is second, however, there
are two; and where ther is third, there are three.  The Spirit, then, is
third from God and the Son, just as the third from the root is the fruit
of the stem, and third from the fountain is the stream from the river,
and thrid from the sun is the apex of the ray."
	-Tertullian, Against Praxeas, 8, 5 (about 213 AD)

and

	"I believe that the Spirit proceeds not otherwise than from the Father
through the Son"
	-Tertullian, Against Praxeas, 4, 1 (about 213 AD)

And as St. Thomas showed in his Summa Theologica Part 1, Question 36,
Articles 2 and 3, there is no contradiction between the two methods of
generation, and in fact, the two methods of reckoning the procession
emphasize what St. Augustine, among others taught, that the Holy Spirit
proceeds from the Father and the Son, but He proceeds from the Father in
a more preeminent way.

	"For whatever the Son has, He has from the Father, certainly He has it
from the Father that the Holy Spirit proceeds from Him ... For the
Father alone is not from another, for which reason He alone is called
unbegotten, not, indeed, in the Scriptures, but in the practice of
theologians, and of those who employ such terms as they are able in a
matter so great.  The Son, however, is born of the Father; and the Holy
Spirit proceeds principally from the Father, and since the Father gives
to the Son all that He has without any interval of time, the Holy Spirit
proceeds jointly from both Father and Son.  He would be called Son of
the Father and of the Son if, which is abhorent to everyone of sound
mind, they had both begotten Him.  The Spirit was not begotten by each,
however, but proceeds from each and both."
	-St. Augustine of Hippo, The Trinity, 15, 26, 47 (400 to 416 AD)

So, in a sense, all of the formulations are correct (to the West at
least), because the Holy Spirit proceeds from both Father and Son, but
in proceeding from the Son, the orgin of that procession is the
procession from the Father, so the Holy Spirit is proceeding from the
Father through the Son, but as all that the Son has is from the Father,
the Holy Spirit can be said to proceed from the Father, without any
mention of the Son being necessary.
	In any case, I am happy to know that I follow in the beliefs of Pope
St. Leo I, St. Fulgence of Ruspe, St. Cyril of Alexandria, Pope St.
Damsus I, St. Augustine of Hippo, St. Epiphanius of Salamis, St. Ambrose
of Milan, St. Hilary of Poitiers, Tertullian, and others among the
Fathers, who all have very quotable quotes supporting the Catholic
position, which I enunciated above.
	As for the issue of the adoption of another Creed being forbidden, I
will point out that the Holy Fathers of Ephesus and Chalcedon both spoke
of the Creed of Nicea in their statement forbidding anyone "to produce,
write, or compose a confession of faith other than the one defined by
the Fathers of Nicea."  That Creed is a different Creed than that of
Constantinople, which is commonly called the Nicene Creed.  Not of
course in that they were condemning the adoption of the
Constantinopolitan Creed, which is but an enlargement upon the Creed of
Nicea, but that they were condemning the impious opinions of Nestorious,
who had adopted a radically different Creed from the one used by the
Church, which among other things denied the procession of the Holy
Spirit form the Son.  Thus, the additions of the Constantinopolitan
Creed were not thought to be in violation of this, and as the Council
Chalcedon also affirmed the doctrine of the procession of the Holy
Spirit from the Son, which Nestorius denied, they could hardly have been
against explaining in a fuller way the Creed, for they themselves
approved of previous additions to it.  And if the further explanations
of the Creed made in Constantinople were not denigrating of the work
done by the Holy Fathers of Nicea or in any way heretical, it follows
that the Council of Toledo was fully able to add what was not disputed
by the faithful to the Creed so as to combat the impieties of the Arians
in Spain, because the filioque was not in dispute in the Church until
many years later under Photius and others.  And that the filioque was
not disputed, I provide more quotes below.

	"Since the Holy Spirit when he is in us effects our being conformed to
God, and he actually proceeds from the Father and Son, it is abundantly
clear that He is of the divine essence, in it in essence and proceeding
from it."
	-St. Cyril of Alexandria, The Treasury of the Holy and Consubstantial
Trinity, Thesis 34, (423-425 AD)

	"The Holy Spirit is not of the Father only, or of the Son only, but he
is the Spirit of the Father and the Son.  For it is written: `If anyone
loves the world, the Spirit of the Father is not in him'; and again it
is written: `If anyone, however, does not have the Spirit of Christ, he
is none of His.'  When the Father and the Son are named in this way, the
Holy Spirit is understood, of whom the Son himself says in the Gospel,
that the Holy Spirit `proceeds from the Father,' and that `He shall
receive of mine and shall announce it to you.'"
	-Pope St. Damasus I, The Decree of Damasus, 1 (382 AD)

	"The only-begotten Holy Spirit has neither the name of the Son nor the
appelation of Father, but is called Holy Spirit, and is not foreign to
the Father.  For the Only-begotten Himself calls Him: `the Spirit of the
Father,' and says of Him the `He proceeds from the Father,' and `will
receive of mine,' so that He is reckoned as not being foreign to the
Son, but is of their same substance, of the same Godhead; He is Spirit
divine, ... of God, and He is God.  For he is Spirit of God, Spirit of
the Father, and Spirit of the Son, not by some kind of synthesis, like
soul and body in us, but in the midst of Father and Son of the Father
and of the Son, a third by appelation....
	"The Father always existed and the Son always existed, and the Spirit
breathes from the Father and the Son; and neither is the Son created nor
is the Spirit created."
	-St. Epiphanius of Salamis (which is on Cyprus), The Man Well-Anchored,
8 and 75 (374 AD)

	"Concerning the Holy Spirit, I ought not to remain silent, nor yet is
it necessary to speak.  Still, on account of those who do not know Him,
it is not possible for me to be silent.  However it is necessary to
speak of Him who must be acknowledged, who is from the Father and the
Son, His Sources."
	-St. Hilary of Poitiers, The Trintiy, 2, 29 (356 to 359 AD)

	Thus, as I have pointed out before, Gaul, Spain, Italy, Africa, Egypt,
Palastine, and the lands of the Greeks, all of Christnedom at that time,
all have Fathers who can be cited to show that they confess the doctrine
expressed by the filioque.  I suggest to those of the Orthodox Church
that they come up with some of the Fathers, besides St. John of Damascus
who all will admit denied the filioque, to support their views.  It is
not enough to bring up the "proceeds from the Father" line of the Creed
or the Gospel of John, for that says what we believe also.  But it does
not say the Holy Spirit does not proceed from the Son, only that He does
proceed from the Father.
There has been something bothering me while watching
NASA Select for a while.  Well, I should'nt say
bothering, maybe wondering would be better.  When
they are going to launch they say (sorry but I forget
exactly who is saying what, OTC to PLT I think)
"Clear caution & warning memory.  Verify no unexpected
errors. ...".  I am wondering what an "expected error" might
be.  Sorry if this is a really dumb question, but
inquiring minds just gotta know............

You might want to re-think your attitude about the Holocaust after
reading Deuteronomy chapter 28.


Any prize like this is going to need to be worded carefully enough that
you cannot get it without demonstrating sustained and reliable capability,
rather than a lucky one-shot.  It can be done.

Don't get too excited; Signetics, not Motorola, gave the 68070 its number.
The 68070, if I understand rightly, uses the 68000 instruction set, and has
an on-chip serial port and DMA.  (It will run at up to 15 MHz--I'm typing
at a computer using a 68070 running at that rate, so I know that it can
do so--so I seriously doubt the clock rate that ricardo@rchland.vnet.ibm.com
claims.)

Sort of a "Mrs. O'Leary's" tank theory? Moooo.


     Now doesn't this sound a lot like the "colorful (or otherwise) story 
     from antiquity that somehow tries to (or does) explain natural pheno-
     mena"?  I think I hear what you're saying, but I'm not convinced that
     I know what you mean.  The possibility exists that what _looks_ like
     "myth" on the surface may be after all much more than "just" a story.
     
      

     * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

And the two simplest refutations are these:

(1)  What impact?  The only record of impact comes from the New Testament.
I have no guarantee that its books are in the least accurate, and that
the recorded "impact" actually happened.  I find it interesting that no other
contemporary source records an eclipse, an earthquake, a temple curtain
being torn, etc.  The earliest written claim we have of Jesus' resurrection
is from the Pauline epistles, none of which were written sooner than 20 years
after the supposed event.

(2)  It seems probable that no one displayed the body of Jesus because no
one knew where it was.  I personally believe that the most likely
explanation was that the body was stolen (by disciples, or by graverobbers).
Don't bother with the point about the guards ... it only appears in one
gospel, and seems like exactly the sort of thing early Christians might make
up in order to counter the grave-robbing charge.  The New Testament does
record that Jews believed the body had been stolen.  If there were really
guards, they could not have effectively made this claim, as they did.
: I'm not sure if this is the correct place to ask this question.  If not,
: please forgive me and point me in the right direction.

: Does anybody know of a program that converts .GIF files to .BMP files
: and if so, where can I ftp it from?  Any help would be greatly 
: appreciated.

: Please respond via e-mail as I do not read this group very often.

: Thanks...Scott

Sorry Scott, if you post it here, you can read it here.  There is a shareware
program available via anonymous FTP that will suit your needs.  You'll find 
it at OAK.OAKLAND.EDU  in the subdirectory pub/msdos/graphics.  The file is
called "GRFWK61T.ZIP."
Hello netters

Sorry, I don't know if this is the right way of doing this kind of thing,
probably should be a CFV, but since I don't have tha ability to create a 
news group myself, I just want to start the discussion. 

I enjoy reading c.g very much, but I often find it difficult to sort out what
I'm interested in. Everything from screen-drivers, graphics cards, graphics
programming and graphics programs are discused here. What I'd like is a 
comp.graphics.programmer news group.
What do you other think.


   I agree with you.



Kerry-- I'm guessing a little at this, because it's been a few years 
since I saw the info, but you will probably want to look at Air Defense 
Artillery as a specialty, or possibly Signals.  The kind of thing you're 
looking for is SDI-type assignments, but it'll be pretty prosaic stuff.
Things like hard-kill ATBM missiles, some of the COBRA rigs -- that kind 
of thing.  

Hope that gives you some ideas on where to look, though.


I assume, then, that someone at Thiokol put on their "manager's hat" and said
that pissing off the customer by delaying shipment of the SRB to look inside
it was a bad idea, regardless of where that tool might have ended up.
Some rendering programs require that all surface normals point in the same
direction.  (ie: On a closed cube, all normals point outwards).  You can use
the points on the faces to determine the direction of the normal, by making
sure that all points are either in clockwise or counter-clockwise order.

How do you go about orienting all normals in the same direction, given a 
set of points, edges and faces?   Say that you had a cube with all faces that 
have their normals facing outwards, except for one face.  What's the
best way to realize that face is "flipped", and should have it's points
re-ordered?   I thought I had a good way of telling this, but then realized
that the algorithm I had would only tell you if you had points in clockwise
order for a 2d polygon.  I'd like something for 3d data.

Any hints, tips, references would be appreciated.

Steve


The gravity maneuvering that was used was to exploit 'fuzzy regions'.  These
are described by the inventor as exploiting the second-order perturbations in a
three body system.  The probe was launched into this region for the
earth-moon-sun system, where the perturbations affected it in such a way as to
allow it to go into lunar orbit without large expenditures of fuel to slow
down. The idea is that 'natural objects sometimes get captured without
expending fuel, we'll just find the trajectory that makes it possible". The
originator of the technique said that NASA wasn't interested, but that Japan
was because their probe was small and couldn't hold a lot of fuel for
deceleration.

	This from an issue of 'Science News' or 'The Planetary Report' I
believe, about 2 months ago(?).

Reply address: mark.prado@permanet.org

 > From: higgins@fnalf.fnal.gov (Bill Higgins-- Beam Jockey)
 >
 > In article <1993Apr19.230236.18227@aio.jsc.nasa.gov>,
 > > |> AW&ST  had a brief blurb on a Manned Lunar Exploration
 > confernce> |> May 7th  at Crystal City Virginia, under the
 > auspices of AIAA.
 >
 > Thanks for typing that in, Steven.
 >
 > I hope you decide to go, Pat.  The Net can use some eyes
 > and ears there...

I plan to go.  It's about 30 minutes away from my home.
I can report on some of it (from my perspective ...)
Anyone else on sci.space going to be there?  If so, send me
netmail.  Maybe we can plan to cross paths briefly...
I'll maintain a list of who's going.

mark.prado@permanet.org




It just goes to show that not all evangelical fundamentalists are pharisitical!
I wear a black leather jacket, like classic rock, but no longer have the long
locks I once had.  However,  I too rely upon the Bible as a basis for Christian
ethics.
gnuplot, etc. make it easy to plot real valued functions of 2 variables
but I want to plot functions whose values are 2-vectors. I have been 
doing this by plotting arrays of arrows (complete with arrowheads) but
before going further, I thought I would ask whether someone has already
done the work. Any pointers??

thanx in advance


-> According to the TIFF 5.0 Specification, the TIFF "version number"
-> (bytes 2-3) 42 has been chosen for its "deep philosophical 
-> significance".

-> Last week, I read the Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy, and rotfl the
-> second time. (After millions of years of calculation, the second-best
-> computer of all time reveals that 42 is the answer to the question
-> about life, the universe and everything)

-> Is this actually how they picked the number 42?


-> Does anyone have any  other suggestions where the 42 came from?

   At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in
his note-book, called out "Silence!" and read out from his book
"Rule Forty-two. All persons more than a mile high to leave the court."
   Everybody looked at Alice.
   "I'm not a mile high," said Alice.
   "You are," said the King.
   "Nearly two miles high," added the queen.
   "Well, I sha'n't go, at any rate," said Alice; "besides, that's not
a regular rule: you invented it just now."
   "It's the oldest rule in the book," said the King.
   "Then it ought to be Number One," said Alice.

Correction:

  |The story I related is one of the seven apparitions
  |approved by our Church as worthy of belief.  It happened
  |in La Salle, France.
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

That should be La Salette, France, 1846.
I must admit, geography is not my forte.

  |[...]

  |Once again, the Lamb succeeds.
I have attached a copy of an announcement I picked up during my trip to
Moscow last week.  I have several friends at the Moscow Aviation
Institute who have asked me to post this announcement.  (I have done
some editing, but the contents is unchanged from the original
announcement.) 

For those of you not familiar with the Moscow Aviation Institute, it is
the leading Russian school of higher education dedicated to the training
of aircraft and spacecraft designers.  It specializes in airframe
design, powerplant design, control systems, and power systems.
Virtually all of the major former Soviet airframe designers (Tupolev,
Su, Iluchine, Migoyan, etc.) were schooled at MAI.

I had the opportunity to tour the two museums that are maintained at
MAI.  The aircraft include Mig23, Su 27, Yak 38, the cockpit of an
F-111(!), among others.  It was a fascinating and eye opening
experience, expecially given the fact that the museum was, until a year
or so ago, closed to virtually everyone.  I also had the opportunity to
see some of the experiments being conducted with plasma drive engines
for future space craft use.

If you have any questions about the Institute, or the program, I would
be glad to try and answer them.  The institute, and most of it's faculty
have e-mail addresses.  However, it takes about a day or so for the
receiver to get the message.  They are still a bit antiquated - but they
are rapidly changing!

Steve Emmett
semmett@gmuvax2.gmu.edu

ps  please send any questions you have for me via e-mail.  George Mason
university has about a 2 week (!) delay in news feed delivery.


-------------------------------------------------------------------

		MOSCOW INTERNATIONAL AVIATION SCHOOL

The aviation school "Poljot" (meaning Flight) is organized by the the
Moscow Aviation Institute, the prominent Russian Center of airspace
education and the foreign trade firm Poljot, well known in various
parts of the world for their quartz and mechanical wrist watches.

The course of studies will last only 50 days, but during this time
you will have the unique opportunity:
	- to listen to intensive courses on the main aviation
disciplines, the history and theory of techniques, and design of
airplanes;
	- to visit and get acquainted with the world known Russian 
aviation firms - TU, MiG, Yak, Il and Su;
	- to meet and have discussions with famous aviation
scientists, engineers and pilots;
	- to visit the most interesting museums of unique aviation
techniques which were closed for many years to the public;
	- to see the International Airspace Show which will take
place in Moscow from 31 August through 3 September 1993;
	- to visit famous art museums, historical and architectural
monuments, theatres and concert halls;
	- to take part in sport competitions and have a great time
with new friends.

The Director of the school is Mr. Oleg Samelovich, a well known
Russian scientist, professor, general designer and the Chief of the
Airplanes Design Department of the Moscow Aviation Institute.  Mr.
Samelovich is one of the designers of the the Su-24, Su-25, and Su-27

The lectures are given in English, using a multi-media concept.  The
students are provided with all the necessary text books and
literature.  After the full course of studies are completed, the
student will receive a special certificate of graduation.

The cost of studies, including hotel, meals, excursions, theatres,
etc is $3500.

To apply for admission, send your application to:

109147 Moscow Marksistskaja 34
Foreign Trade Firm "Poljot"
274 00 13 (phone)
274 00 22 (FAX)
411989 POLEX SU (telex)

In your application, include your full name, address, date and place
of birth.  In addition, include complete passport information, as well
as a description of your education.

Upon receipt of this information, "Poljot" will immediately forward
to you an official invitation for obtaining a Russian entrance visa
as well as details on payment.

Should you require additional information, please do not hesitate to
contact us.

(signed)	O. Samelovich

------------------------------------------------------------------------


-- 

Steve Emmett				 semmett@gmuvax2.gmu.edu

To:All

Hi,

Does anybody have the source code to the externel processes that comes with 3D 
Studio, and mabe som kind of DOC for writing the processes your self.


/Lars

+++ Author: Lars_Jorgensen@p7.syntax.bbs.bad.se, Syntax BBS, Denmark


The best program I've seen for viewing such files is VPIC.  You'll want version 5.9 or later.  (6.0x is current.)  It allows you to view in 15 and 24 bit modes.  It really is QUITE nice.

Now, for a return question:  Do you run Windows?  If so, what are the dates on your drivers?  The newest ones *I* can find are from around 4-??-92!!  My problem is they conflict with Star Trek: After Dark, and other things as well.  I'm willing to bet that it's the drivers, and NOT the programs.  Anyone out there have info on newer SS24 (NOT X) drivers for windows or OS/2?

Do you consider Neo-Nazis and white supremists to be Christian?  I'd hardly
classify them as Christian.  Do they follow the teachings of Christ?  Love
one another.  Love your neighbour as yourself.  Love your enemies.  Is Jesus
Christ their Lord and Saviour?  By the persecution of Jews, they are violating
all the precepts of what Christ died for.  They are in direct violation of
the teachings of Christ.  Even Jesus who was crucified by the Jewish leaders
of that time, loved His enemies by asking the Father for forgiveness of their
sins.  I am a Christian and I bear no animosity towards Jews or any one else.
The enemy is Satan, not our fellow man.

God be with you,


 Opps!  typed in the phone numbers wrong.  Here are the correct numbers.



                                            303-530-9000



                                       505-277-6563

Note: I am cross-posting (actually, emailing) this to 
bit.listserv.catholic while main posting goes to 
soc.religion.christian.

[Quotations omitted.  This is in response to a question about
the Immaculate Conception.  I explained it, but left justification
up to our Catholic readers.  --clh]

There is no direct reference in the Holy Scripture except for the
mention of Mary's _blessedness_/full of grace in the "Annunciation" by
Angel Gabriel in Luke 1:26-28

 And in the 6th month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto
 a city of Galilee, named Nazareth.  To a virgin espoused to a
 man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin's
 name was Mary.  And the angel came unto her and said, _"Hail,
 thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed
 art thou among women."_

Now, now, hold that line of thought - "the Lord is with Mary &
blessed art thou among women" - while you read on....

In the book, "First Lady of the World, A Popular History of
Devotion to Mary" by Peter Lappin:

The _Immaculate Conception_ matter is really far more complicated
than the _Assumption_.  This arose in 430 AD.  It is quite possible
that the feast of _Mary's Conception_ under the title "The Conception
of Saint Anne", originally commemorated the _physical miracle_ of
a woman _beyond the age_ of child bearing, conceiving a daughter,
just as Elizabeth had conceived John the Baptist.  A transfer in
emphasis from the physical miracle wrought in Anne to the miracle
of grace wrought by God in the soul of Mary was _logical_.  Mary
is the incorruptible timber "out of which was hewn the _tabernacle_
of Christ's sinless body"; she is "God's Eden, in whom there is
no tree of knowledge, and no serpent that harms."  Her perfect
beauty and spotlessness find their exemplar in Christ, her
purity in that of the Father.  At the time of the Council of Ephesus,
she was hailed as "innocent, without blemish, immaculate, inviolate,
spotless, holy in soul and body, who was blessed as a lily from
among thorns, unlearned in the evil ways of Eve".
...
At the end of the thirteenth century, an Irish Franciscan,
John Duns Scotus (1266-1308),...God maintained that it was a 
greater thing for Him to preserve His (the Son) mother from all
sin _than to use His power to clease her from it later_.
...

Now let's go to the discussion of baptism and original sin.
From "Pocket Catholic Cathechism" by John A. Hardon:

Baptism -
Concupiscence Remains after Baptism.
Concupiscence or the tendency to sin remains in the baptized
but since it is left to provide trial, it has no power to
injure those who do not consent and who by the grace of
Christ Jesus, manfully resist (Canon 5).

Original gifts of Adam and Eve before their fall:
In the light of the foregoing, we see that our first
parents were originally gifted three times over:
-They had the natural gifts of human beings especially the
 power to think and to choose freely.
-The had the _preternatural_ gifts of bodily immortality
 and of integrity, or the internal power to control desires.
-They had the _supernatural_ gifts of sanctifying grace,
 the virtues of faith, hope, and charity and the corresponding
 title to enter heaven.
By their disobedience, they lost the _supernatural and
preternatural_ gifts entirely, and were weakened (without
losing) their natural capacity to reason and to choose
freely.

Baptism restores the _supernatural_ life lost by Adam's
sin.  It _does not_ restore the _preternatural_ gifts
but gifts as a title to a glorified restoration of our
bodies on the last day...

Going back to _Immaculate Conception_
(I am not sure if this interpretation is in any other
books but it may be another contribution to the 'puzzle'):

Given the miracle of St. Anne bearing a child at a
non-childbearing age, AND Christ was not yet born 
AND _there was no baptism yet_ on Mary's birth but
STILL, the Angel Gabriel's greetings was:
"Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with you.
Blessed art thou amongst women".

Even Mary was confused about this greeting.

Mary could very well have possessed all of the
_treefold original gifts above_ given to our first
parents (Adam and Eve before their sin):
    Hail Mary (Example of praise given by the Angel Gabriel)
    Full of grace (natural, preternatural, supernatural)
    The Lord is with you (At those times, God would
                definitely want to be with those He
                has made _blessed_)
    Blessed art thou amongst women (that says it all)

At the conception, God made Mary _full of grace
and blessed_ as the 'tabernacle' for the coming body
of Christ and so,

Immaculate Conception of Mary is true and Mary still
has maintained her Immaculate Heart. 
How about transferring control to a non-profit organisation that is
able to accept donations to keep craft operational.


I will answer this as I find time.


Notice what I said about this book.  I called it "Easy reading."  The reason I
dropped philosphy as my major was because I ran into too many pharisaical
Simon's.  I don't know how many walking encyclopedia's I ran across in
philosphy classes.  The problem isn't in knowing sooooo much more than your
average lay person, the problem comes when you become puffed up about it. 
Schaeffer is just fine for the average lay person.  That was who he was
writting to.  I suppose that you would have criticised John that his gospel was
to simple.  I've talked with Schaeffer one on one.  I've been in lectures with
the man when he was being drilled by philosphy students and prof's from secular
as well as Christian universities. (ND alone would fill both those catagories) 
His answers were enough that the prof's themselves often were taken back and
caused to re-think what their question was.  I saw this time and time again at
different open forums.  So yes, Schaeffers books are by in large, well,
simplistic.  It certainly isn't grad level reading.  But we must get off our
high horses when it comes to recommended reading.  Do you seriously think most
people would get through the first chapter of Wittgenstein?  I may have more to
say about this secular scientist at another time.

Also, one must finally get beyond the doubt caused by *insistent*
inquisitiveness.  One cannot live his life constantly from a cartisian doubt
base.  

Look, the Christian wholeheartedly supports genuine rationality.  But we must
add a qualification to give this balance.  Christianity is second to none in
keeping reason in its place.  We never know the value of a thing until we know
its limits.  Put unlimited value on something and in the end you will exhaust
it of all value!

THis is why Xianity is thoroughly rational but not the least bit rationalistic.
 It also explains the curious fact that it is rationalism, and not Christian
faith, which leads to irrationality.  If we forget the limits of a thing, we
fly in the face of reality and condem ourselves to learn the simple ironic
lesson of life: 

"More without limits is less;  less with limits is more."  

Or as I have so often stated it, freedom without form soon becomes form w/o
freedom.

Let's put it another way.  The rationality of faith is implacably opposed to
absurdity but has no quarrel with mystery. Think about that.  It can tell the
difference between the two if you will let it.  Christianity's contention with
rationalism is not that it has too much reason in it, but that it has very
little else.  When a Christian comes to faith his understanding and his trust
go hand in hand, but as he continues in faith his trust may sometimes be called
to go on by itself without his understanding.

This is where the principle of suspended judgment applies.  At such time if the
Christian faith is to be itself and let God be God, it must suspend judgment
and say, "Father I do not understand you but I trust you."  Now don't read all
your objections of me into that statement.  I wasn't saying I do not understand
you at all, but I trust you anyway." It means that "I do not understand You *in
this situation* but I do understand *why I trust You* anyway"  Therefore I can
trust that you understand even though I do not. The former is a mystery
unrelieved by rationality and indistinguishable from absurdity.  The latter is
a statement of rationality of faith walking hand in hand with the mystery of
Faith.  So.... the principle of suspended judgment is not irrational.  It is
not a leap of faith but a walk of faith.  As believers we cannot always know
why, but we canalways know why we trust God who knows why and this makes all
the difference.

Now, there is one obvious snag to all this and this is where I have parted
company with philosophy- what is eminently reasonable in theory is a rather bit
more difficult in practice.  In practice the pressure of mystery acts on faith
like the insistent "whying" of a 3 year old.  It isn't just that we would like
to know what we do not know but that we feel we *must* know what we cannot
know.  The one produces frustration because curiosity is denied; the other
leads to genuine anguish.  More specifically the poorer our understanding is in
coming to faith the more necessary it will be to understand everything after
coming to faith.  If we do not know why we trust God, then we will always need
to know exactly what God is doing in order to trust him.  Failing to grasp
that, we may not be able to trust him, for anything we do not understand may
count decisevely against what we are able to trust.  

If, on the other hand, we do know why we trust God, we will be able to trust
him in situations where we do not understand what He is doing. (Too many Xian
leaders teach as if the Christian had a window in the back of his head which
allows for understanding at every foot fall)  For what God is doing may be
ambiguous, but it will not be inherently contradictory!  It may be mystery to
us, but mystery is only inscrutable; what would be insufferable is absurdity.
And that my friend, was the conclusion of Nietzche both in theory and in
practice.   

Hi!
	I am working on a project that needs to create contour lines
from random data points.  The work that I have done so far tells me that I
need to look into Triangulated Irregular Networks (TIN), the Delauney
criiterion, and the Krige method.  Does anyone have any suggestions for
references, programs and hopefully source code for creating contours.  Any
help with this or any surface modeling would be greatly appreciated.
I can be reached at the addresses below:


			-- Paul Conway


  Up to this point, I was kinda hoping that this was a joke. Still,
it would make a great premise for a bad syndicated TV show- "These
are the adventures of the Oriental Templars... dedicated to truth,
justice, and good karma! (Dramatic music in the background.)"
  No doubt I've just horribly offended someone.
The Nicene Creed

WE BELIEVE in one God the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, and of all things visible and invisible.
And in one Lord Jesus Christ, the only-begotten Son of God, begotten of the Father before all worlds, God of God, Light of Light, Very God of Very God, begotten not made, being of one substance with the Father by whom all things were made; who for us men, and for our salvation, came down from heaven and was incarnate by the Holy Spirit of the Virgin Mary, and was made man, and was crucified also for us under Pontius Pilate.  He suffered and was buried, and the third day rose again according to the Scriptur





es, and ascended into heaven, and sitteth on the right hand of the Father.  And he shall come again with glory to judge  both the quick and the dead, whose kingdom shall have no end.
You'll probably have to set the palette up before you try drawing
in the new colours.

Use the bios interrupt calls to set the r g & b values (in the range
from 0-63 for most cards) for a particular palette colour (in the
range from 0-255 for 256 colour modes).

Then you should be able to draw pixels in those palette values and
the result should be ok.

You might have to do a bit of colourmap compressing if you have
more than 256 unique rgb triplets, for a 256 colour mode.

The following is an introduction as to who is Muhammad SAW
as will be covered with this treatise.

MUHAMMAD peace and blessings of Allah be upon him (SAW)
is the last prophet of Islam.  He is the Prophet who is revealed
the last Holy Scripture, Qur'an, by Allah SWA (all praise be to Him)
through the Arch Angel Gabriel.  He is the seal of all prophets
till the day of judgement as stated in the Qur'an by Allah
SWA (all praise be to Him).  Muhammad SAW lived between
571-632 AC.  All other prophethoods claimed after Muhammad SAW,
is a treason against Islam, against Qur'an, against the message
of Allah SWA.  Muhammad SAW is from the seed of Ishmael, another
messenger of Allah and son of Abraham also a messenger of Allah.
He is the Messenger that previous holy scriptures foretold his
coming.  The above mentioned verse from the Qur'an is from 
Chapter 33, Verse 40 whose rough translation is as follows:

	Muhammad is not the father of any of your men,
	but (he is) the messenger of Allah, and the seal
	of the prophets, and Allah has full knowledge of
	all things.

---------------------
Commentary on the above verse:  When a document is sealed,
it is complete, and there can be no further addition.  The 
Holy Prophet Muhammad SAW closed the long line of Messengers.
Allah's teaching is and will always be continuous, but there
has been and will be NO Prophet after Muhammad SAW.  The later
ages will want thinkers, and revivers, not Prophets.  This is not
an arbitrary matter.  It is a decree full of knowledge and wisdom,
"for Allah has full knowledge of all things."

----------------------
DROPLET VOL 1, No 11, Part 2

A   D R O P L E T
From The Vast Ocean Of The Miraculous Qur'an

Translations from the Arabic and Turkish Writings of 
Bediuzzaman Said Nursi, The Risale-i Noor

VOL 1, No 11, Part 2
------------------------------------------------------------------
   		 NINETEENTH LETTER  

		 MU'JIZAT-I AHMEDIYE RISALESI 
(A TREATISE ON THE MIRACLES OF MUHAMMED SAW)       

(continued from Droplet Vol 1, No 11, Part 1)

   SECOND  SIGN:   The  Noble  Messenger  (SAW)
declared His prophethood, and presented to humanity a
decree as the Glorious Qur'an and manifest miracles
which number, according to the scholars, one thousand.
The occurrence of those miracles in their entirety is as
certain as the fact that He declared himself prophet.  In
fact, as a shown by the words of the  most obstinate
unbelievers quoted in various places of the Wise
Our'an, even they could not deny the occurrence of His
miracles, but only called them -hasha wa kella!-(Allah forbids) 
sorcery, in order to satisfy themselves, or to deceive their
followers.  The miracles of Muhammad (SAW) have the
certainty of confirmation by consensus of Ulema (scholars
of Islam) to the hundreth degree.
   The Miracle is the conformation by the CREATOR of
the universe of His declaration of Prophethood; it has the
effect of the words,'You have indeed spoken the truth !'
   Suppose that you said in the assembly of a ruler,
while being observed by Him, 'The true ruler has
appointed me to such and such position.  'At a time when
you were asked to prove your claim, the word 'Yes'
uttered by the ruler would sufficiently support you.  Or, if
the ruler changed his usual practice and attitude at your
request, this would confirm your claim even more soundly
and more definitely than would the word 'Yes.'
   In the same way, ALLAH's Most Noble Messenger
claimed: 'I am the envoy of the CREATOR of this
universe.  My proof is that He will change His unbroken
order at my request and my prayer.  Now look at my
fingers:  He makes them run like a fountain with five
spigots.  Look at the moon: by a gesture of my finger, He
splits it in two.  Look at that tree: to affirm me, and to bear
witness to me, it moves and comes near to me.  Look at
this food: although it is barely enough for two or three
men, it satisfies two or three hundred.  'Further he shows
hundreds of similar miracles.  However, the evidences  of
the veracity of this high being and the proofs of his
prophethood are not restricted to his miracles.  All his
deeds and acts, his words and behavior, his moral
conduct and manners, his character and appearance
prove to the attentive his truthfulness and seriousness.
Indeed, many people  such  as  Abdullah  b. Salam,  the
famous scholar of the Children of Israel, came to belief
merely by seeing him, and said, 'No lie can hide in this
face, nor can any fraud be found in it!'
   Although many of the  researchers have concluded
that the proofs of the prophethood of Muhammad and his
miracles number about one thousand, there are
thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands of proofs  of
his prophethood.  And hundreds of thousands of
truth-seeking men (muhakkikiin) with varying opinions
have affirmed his prophethood in an equal number of
ways.
   The Wise Our'an alone demonstrates thousands of
the proofs of his prophethood, in addition to its own forty
aspects of miraculousness.  Since prophethood is as a
phenomenon of humanity, and hundreds of thousands of
individuals who claimed prophethood and performed
miracles have lived and passed away; then, the
prophethood of Muhammad (SAW) is of a certanity
superior to that of the prophethood of all the others.  For
whatever evidences, qualities  and attributes  became the
means of the prophethood and messengership of all the
messengers such as Jesus (AS) and Moses (AS), they
are all owned in a more perfect and comprehensive
fashion by Muhammad (SAW).  And since the causes and
means of prophetic authority exist more perfectly in the
person of Muhammad (SAW), this authority is to be found
in him with more certanity than all the other prophets.


	Take a second look at "non-toxic, non-flammable":

		MACE (sold tothe public) is supposedly nontoxic.
		Whatthey do not tell you is that if you get mace directly
		on the linings of the lungs (such as a direct snort to
		the face) above certain quantities, it reacts similarly
		to a mustard gas inhalation.

			I know:  my father and grandfather were exposed
			to poison gas in WWI and WWII; Dad went through
			the side effects of any WEAPON, including those
			"non-toxic" aerosols.

		WHat the label ACTUALLY means is ::

			usually, it wont kill you
			it may give you permanent CSS asthsma
			but that's better than blowing a hole in your
				head ...

		ALL aerosols are flammable IF YOU HAVE ENOUGH OXYGEN
		AND HIT IT WITH THE RIGHT IGNITER.  SOme of the most
		non-flammable substances known will BOOM or SEARFLAME
		if you hit it with the right combo.


		Let's take one:  a trash can fire.  Makes black smoke;
		already burned right?  Can't go boom, right?  Wrong.

		Suck that smoke (made up of paper that has carbonized,
		or burned about 35% of the fuel in it) into an air
		conditioning return, mix with about 5:1 air, and light
		a match.  200 feet of conduit is about the same, when
		filled with that smoke mixture, as oh, say 200 pounds TNT

			THAT is why the fire codes say NO OPEN CEILING
			TILES IN BUILDINGS.  Because 3-5 stories of
			a building have blown OUT by "nonflammable _smoke_"

	So:
		Take a little "nonflammable aerosol"
		Mix with gasoline or kerosene fumes

			NO electricity, remeber?  A bit of heating
			on the WACO plains?  Boil water to drink
			since the water was cut off?

		liberally mix and allow to settle for 1-4 hours

		Fumes vent down into the bus underground, and the Davidians
		move the children UPSTAIRS to a saferoom (they had one,
		armor plated, remember?) to BREATH, because kids get sick
		and die from tear gas.

		and along comes a tracer, a spark, what have you:

			everyone burns to death.

Try thinking before opening mouth: it may not have happened the
way the Gmen say it did.

Please, define cell church.  I missed it somewhere in the past when this
was brought up before.
 
 
  Of course; sorry for the misunderstanding.  I was referring to the fact
that far more aeronautical development took place in the '30's.  For much
of the '20's, the super-abundance of Jennies and OX-5 engines held down the
industry.  By 1926, many of the obsolete WWI aircraft had been retired
and Whirlwind had their power/weight ratio and reliability up to the point
where long-distance flights became practical.  It's important to note that
the Atlantic was flown not once but THREE times in 1927:  Lindbergh,
Chamberlin and Levine, and Byrd's _America_.  "When it's time to railroad,
you railroad."


  Not off the top of my head; I'll have to dig out my reference books again.
However, I will say that the most common arrangement in Prince Henry the
Navigator's Portugal was for the prince to put up part of the money and
merchants to put up the rest.  They profits from the voyage would then be
shared.


  The problem is that the amount of prize money required to inspire a
Moon Base is much larger than any but a handful of individuals or corporations
can even consider putting up.  The Kremer Prizes (human powered aircraft),
Orteig's prize, Lord Northcliffe's prize for crossing the Atlantic (won in
1919 by Alcock and Brown) were MUCH smaller.  The technologies required were
within the reach of individual inventors, and the prize amounts were well
within the reach of a large number of wealthy individuals.  I think that only
a gov't could afford to set up a $1B+ prize for any purpose whatsoever.
  Note that Burt Rutan suggested that NASP could be built most cheaply by
taking out an ad in AvWeek stating that the first company to build a plane
that could take off and fly the profile would be handed $3B, no questions
asked.


Now, take a good look at at, an tell me man, there is no Christian
Devil? There is, is real, is a virus, a meme, infecting and possessing
the good people and keep 'em from becoming human beings with emphasis on
the being! Is not a matter of good people an evil people, is all good
people see, but some good people vexed of the Christian Devil. An it
can't be burn out or lynch out or rape out. Only wise up let I rise up.
Christian Devil is real man, how else can you explain five hundred years
of history, even more? Can only be explained by Christians invoke
Christian Devil.

you keep on knocking but you can't come in, i got to understand you've
been living in sin, but walk right in and sit right down, i'll keep
on loving you, i'll play the clown, but bend down low, let i tell you
what i know yah

i've been 'buked brothers and i've been stoned, woe, woe, woe, now i'm
hung by a tree in the the ganging on a few, woe, woe, woe, it doesn't
matter who the man is who lives the life he loves, it doesn't matter
what the man does or the honest life he loves, i want somewhere, i want
somewhere, hallelujah, hallelujah, somewhere to lay my head, woe is me

only ska beat in 'eaven man

stiff necked fools, you think you're cool, to deny me for simplicity, yes
you have gone, for so long with your love for vanity now, yes you have
got the wrong interpretation mixed up with vain imagination, so take jah
sun and jah moon and jah rain and jah stars, and forever yes erase your
fantasy, yeah, the lips of the righteous teach many, but fools die for
want of wisdom, the rich man's wealth is in his city, the righteous
wealth is in his holy place, so take jah sun and jah moon and jah rain
and jah stars, and forever yes erase your fantasy, destruction of the
poor is in their poverty, destruction of the soul is vanity, yeah, but i
don't want to rule ya, i don't want to fool ya, i don't want to school
ya, things you, you might never know about, yes you have got the wrong
interpretation mixed up with vain, vain imagination, stiff necked fools,
you think you're cool, to deny me for, oh simplicity

love to see, when yah move in the rhythm, love to see when you're
dancing from within, it gives great joy to feel such sweet togetherness,
everyone's doing and they're doing their best, it remind i of the days
in jericho, when we trodden down jericho wall, these are the days when
we'll trod true babylon, gonna trod until babylon fall

then I saw the angel with the seven seals saying, babylon throne going down
I have a Diamond Speedstar 24X board that I want to program
for 24 bit 640x480 graphics, or possibly 800x600 16 bit color.
Does anybody have any libraries supporting these modes on this
board? Even somes simple routines to set the graphics mode and
plot individual pixels would be a great help. I plan to use the
routines with djgp.

   Thanks in advance. Please respond also via e-mail.
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap
a harvest if we do not give up. 



Every aircraft has flight constraints for speed/AOA/power.  When
graphed, these define the 'flight envelope' of that aircraft,
presumably so named because the graphed line encloses (envelopes) the
area on the graph that represents conditions where the aircraft
doesn't fall out of the sky.  Hence, 'pushing the envelope' becomes
'operating at (or beyond) the edge of the flight (or operational)
envelope'. 

Note that the envelope isn't precisely known until someone actually
flies the airplane in those regions -- up to that point, all there are
are the theoretical predictions.  Hence, one of the things test pilots
do for a living is 'push the envelope' to find out how close the
correspondence between the paper airplane and the metal one is -- in
essence, 'pushing back' the edges of the theoretical envelope to where
the airplane actually starts to fail to fly.  Note, too, that this is
done is a quite calculated and careful way; flight tests are generally
carefully coreographed and just what is going to be 'pushed' and how
far is precisely planned (despite occasional deviations from plans,
such as the 'early' first flight of the F-16 during its high-speed
taxi tests).

I'm sure Mary can tell you everything you ever wanted to know about
this process (and then some).

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
Archie told me the following sites holding documentation about DXF:

Host nic.funet.fi   (128.214.6.100)
Last updated 15:11  7 Apr 1993

    Location: /pub/csc/graphics/format
      FILE      rwxrwxr--     95442  Dec  4  1991   dxf.doc

Host rainbow.cse.nau.edu   (134.114.64.24)
Last updated 17:09  1 Jun 1992

    Location: /graphics/formats
      FILE      rw-r--r--     95442  Mar 23 23:31   dxf.doc

Host ftp.waseda.ac.jp   (133.9.1.32)
Last updated 00:47  5 Apr 1993

    Location: /pub/data/graphic
      FILE      rw-r--r--     39753  Nov 18  1991   dxf.doc.Z


I agree with what Darren has to say here, but would like to add a 
personal observation.  What I see as arrogance and the problem I have 
with it is not a sense of personal certainty, but a lack of respect for
others who come to differing conclusions.  Clearly, this is not just 
Christian vs. Non-Christian; there is a whole spectrum of belief systems
within Christianity.  I do not tend to argue with others about matters
of personal faith because, like aesthetics, it is not demonstable by
objective means.  

Choosing what to believe and rely on are important areas of personal 
sovereignty.  What bothers me is when others suggest that, in these 
matters of faith, their specific beliefs are not only true to them 
but are absolute and should be binding on others.  It follows from this
that God must give everyone the same revelation of truth, and thus 
anyone who comes to a different conclusion is intentionally choosing
the wrong path.  This is the arrogance I see; a lack of respect for the
honest conclusions of others on matters which are between them and God.
Even a personal certainty leaves room for the beliefs of others.  It is
universalizing those matters of personal faith, coupled by a proud
notion that one's relationship with God is superior to other's, that
leads to arrogance.  In my honest (and nonuniversal) opinion. :-)



comments, criticism welcome...
-Ken
alvin@ucsu.colorado.edu
Does anyone know of software that will allow
you to convert CorelDraw (.CDR) files
containing bitmaps to SCODAL, as this is the
only format our bureau's filmrecorder recognises.

Good heavens, you mean my good friend Wes Collins, who took his wife and two 
small children into the jungles of Guatemala, despite dangers from primitive 
conditions and armed guerillas, so that the indigenous people groups their 
could have the Bible in their native languages--the young man who led Bible 
studies in our church, who daily demonstrated and declared his deep abiding 
faith in the Lord of Love--you mean he really was a sneaky imperialistic *SPY* 
whose _real_ reason for going was to exploit and oppress the ignorant and 
unsuspecting masses?  Imagine my surprise!  I never would have thought it of 
him.

How was this terrible deceit discovered?  What exactly was the "cultural 
interference" they were caught committing?  Attempting to persuade the locals 
that their ancestral gods were false gods, and their sacrifices (including 
human sacrifices in some cases) were vain?  Destroying traditional lifestyles 
by introducing steel tools, medical vaccines, and durable clothes?  Oh and by 
the way, who did the denouncing?

I am terribly shocked to hear that my friend Wes, who seemed so nice, was 
really such a deceitful tool of the devil.  Please provide me with specific 
documentation on this charge.  There is some risk that I may not believe it 
otherwise.

Speaking of Psygnosis, they have licensed games to Philips Interative
Media International for CD-I.

The following was recently posted in a message in the CD-I section of
the Multimedia Forum.

"Seventh Guest has been licensed by Virgin Games to Philips Interactive
Media International for worldwide CD-I rights. Were also licensed to
P.I.M.I. Litil Divil from Gremlin Graphics (UK) and Microcosm from
Psygnosis (UK). Those three titles will be adapted on CD-I using the full
potential of the FMV cartridge, meaning, using the additional memory as
well as the motion video capabilities. Those titles have been negociated
in Europe but will be available worldwide.

Also, Lemmings 1 & 2 have been licensed from Psygnosis, as well as Striker
Soccer from Rage (UK)."

I don't know when these titles will be available or when work on them even
started (so don't expect your CD-I retailer to have them yet).

There was also some mention of future Nintendo CD-I games in an issue of the
UK magazine ERT - Mario Hotel was mentioned as having 75 levels.

Mark

[Although I work for Philips, I don't work on CD-I or multimedia. The above
info is just provided in good faith from what I've read and does not
represent any statement from Philips]

Is there a precompiled version of hp2xx for DOS out there - prefereably
for 386/486?


Stop! Hold it! You have a few problems here. Official history says that 
the first accusations of homosexuality in the SA came from OUTSIDE of the Nazi 
party, long BEFORE the Nazis ever came to power. So this objection is a red
herring, even if established history is wrong on this point. Moreover, none of 
the histories I've read ever made mention of Hitler or anyone else ever using 
homosexuality as a pretext for purging Roehm. A point I saw reiterated was that
Hitler and the party covered up these accusations. If you are going to accuse
official history of being a fabrication, you should at least get your facts
right. The pretext for purging Roehm was that he was planning to use the SA in
a coup against Hitler. Nowhere is there mention of using allegations of
homosexuality as a pretext for the purge, nor as a justification afterwards (it
is possible that the histories I've read have not mentioned this, but I doubt
it - would it be in Hitler's best interest to admit to the world that his
former right hand man was a homosexual?). 

Anyway, as I said before, it is always possible that I have missed references 
to the Nazis making use of charges of homosexuality against the SA after the 
night of the long knives - but this does not prove that they were false. Even 
the Nazis could tell the truth when it was to their advantage. In any case, 
this does not deal with accusations of homosexuality in the SA during the 
1920's.


Ah, yes. I forgot this was being posted to alt.conspiracy. I can smell the
paranoia from here. Since the Nazis never officially charged Roehm with 
homosexuality (at least, not according to what I've read), I'd like to know 
what tainted "evidence" you are talking about. Since the accusations were made 
by persons outside of the Nazi party, long before it came to power, and those 
accusations were common knowledge to journalists and others in Germany in the 
1920's and 30's, just how would it be possible for the Nazis to go back in 
time and plant "tainted" evidence? How exactly does one doctor newspapers 
which were circulated around the world, without the discrepancies being 
obvious? What actual incidences of Nazi doctoring evidence on this matter
do you know about? And what about the testimony of people who were involved in 
these matters, some of whom were not Nazis? And what is the point of making a 
false accusation of homosexuality if you do not publicize it? Since the point 
here seems to be to discredit established history, then the burden of proof 
falls on the revisionist. The revisionists had better do their homework 
before making accusations. Otherwise they simply look like conspiracy nuts.


This is just about the *only* thing we agree on. 

I suspect that the notion that there might have been bad people - Roehm and 
his SA buddies - who were homosexuals must disturb some people. The feeling
seems to be that if a nasty individual is accused of homosexuality, that this
must be an attempt to bash homosexuals. This fear - often justified - is what
lies behind this distrust of official history, or so it seems to me. But this
is not a good justification for trashing accepted accounts of this subject. If 
you really think that historians are so incompetent, why don't you write them 
and ask where they got their sources on this subject, if you can't tell from 
their footnotes? I'm a graduate student in history. Writing to professors and
tracking down sources is old hat. But my time is limited and this is not my
specialty - and neither you nor anyone else have said anything that would
cast one shred of doubt on existing evidence. I'm not going to waste my time
trying to debunk someone's paranoia. Do the research yourself.


Given that you already consider all evidence "tainted", what on earth would
constitute concrete particulars? And since when have concrete particulars been
considered "shrewd guesses"?

I suggest that those who do not trust popular historians (Irving et al) -
historians writing for a popular audience do not, as a rule, provide copious 
footnotes - should try instead reading academic historians, who usually 
provide footnotes to all their sources in immmense detail. This is the place 
to start looking. Assuming that one really wants to know the truth.

I'll bet the folks on alt.pagan are tired of this subject already. My
apologies - we seem to have gone off on a bit of a tangent. I forget which gods
are responsible for keeping strings within appropriate newsgroup subject
boundaries...

   {Description of "External Tank" option for SSF redesign deleted}


Yo Ken, let's keep on-top of things! Both the "External Tank" and
"Wingless Orbiter" options have been deleted from the SSF redesign
options list. Today's (4/23) edition of the New York Times reports
that O'Connor told the panel that some redesign proposals have
been dropped, such as using the "giant external fuel tanks used
in launching space shuttles," and building a "station around
an existing space shuttle with its wings and tail removed."

Currently, there are three options being considered, as presented
to the advisory panel meeting yesterday (and as reported in
today's Times).

Option "A" - Low Cost Modular Approach
This option is being studied by a team from MSFC. {As an aside,
there are SSF redesign teams at MSFC, JSC, and LaRC supporting
the SRT (Station Redesign Team) in Crystal City. Both LeRC and
Reston folks are also on-site at these locations, helping the respective
teams with their redesign activities.} Key features of this
option are:
  -  Uses "Bus-1", a modular bus developed by Lockheed that's
     qualified for STS and ELV's. The bus provides propulsion, GN&C
     Communications, & Data Management. Lockheed developed this
     for the Air Force.
  -  A "Power Station Capability" is obtained in 3 Shuttle Flights.
     SSF Solar arrays are used to provide 20 kW of power. The vehicle
     flies in an "arrow mode" to optimize the microgravity environment.
     Shuttle/Spacelab missions would utilize the vehilce as a power
     source for 30 day missions.
  -  Human tended capability (as opposed to the old SSF sexist term
     of man-tended capability) is achieved by the addition of the
     US Common module. This is a modified version of the existing
     SSF Lab module (docking ports are added for the International
     Partners' labs, taking the place of the nodes on SSF). The
     Shuttle can be docked to the station for 60 day missions.
     The Orbiter would provide crew habitability & EVA capability.
  -  International Human Tended. Add the NASDA & ESA modules, and
     add another 20 kW of power
  -  Permanent Human Presence Capability. Add a 3rd power module,
     the U.S. habitation module, and an ACRV (Assured Crew Return
     Vehicle).

Option "B" - Space Station Freedom Derived
The Option "B" team is based at LaRC, and is lead by Mike Griffin.
This option looks alot like the existing SSF design, which we
have all come to know and love :)

This option assumes a lightweight external tank is available for
use on all SSF assembly flights (so does option "A"). Also, the 
number of flights is computed for a 51.6 inclination orbit,
for both options "A" and "B".

The build-up occurs in six phases:
  -  Initial Research Capability reached after 3 flights. Power
     is transferred from the vehicle to the Orbiter/Spacelab, when
     it visits.
  -  Man-Tended Capability (Griffin has not yet adopted non-sexist
     language) is achieved after 8 flights. The U.S. Lab is
     deployed, and 1 solar power module provides 20 kW of power.
  -  Permanent Human Presence Capability occurs after 10 flights, by
     keeping one Orbiter on-orbit to use as an ACRV (so sometimes
     there would be two Orbiters on-orbit - the ACRV, and the
     second one that comes up for Logistics & Re-supply).
  -  A "Two Fault Tolerance Capability" is achieved after 14 flights,
     with the addition of a 2nd power module, another thermal
     control system radiator, and more propulsion modules.
  -  After 20 flights, the Internationals are on-board. More power,
     the Habitation module, and an ACRV are added to finish the
     assembly in 24 flights.

Most of the systems currently on SSF are used as-is in this option, 
with the exception of the data management system, which has major
changes.

Tom's right about this.  It's only a grantable right if the granter has
the will and the ability to stop anyone from taking it away from you.
Never mind the legal status.


Nick's right about this.  It's always easier to obtain forgiveness than
permission.  Not many people remember that Britain's King George III
expressly forbid his american subjects to cross the alleghany/appalachian
mountains.  Said subjects basically said, "Stop us if you can."  He
couldn't.


That's how the USA started.  Of course, that's also how the Bolivarian
Republic started (ca. 1800-1820) in central america.  It didn't have
quite the staying power of the USA.  I'm sure there are more examples of
going far away and then ignoring authority, but none jump to mind right
now.


Or do as some whaling nations do: define whatever activities you want to
carry out as "scientific research" which just coincidentally requires
the recovery of megatonnes of minerals (or whatever), then go at it.


Lute Keyser had just this sort of arrangement with Libya (I think) in
the late '70's for his commercial space launch project (one of the very
earliest).  It was killed by Soviet propaganda about NATO cruise
missiles in Africa, which made Libya renege on the arrangement.


In the "sex ed" portion of the  high school "health" course I took
in 1984, it was impressed that the only 100% positive way to *not*
get pregnant was to *not* have sex.

Other methods of contraception were discussed, in the framework of
a chart which showed both the _expected_ failure rate (theoretical,
assumes no mistakes) and the _actual_ failure rate (based on research).
Top of the chart was something like this:


 Method                  Expected         Actual 
 ------                 Failure Rate    Failure Rate
 Abstinence                 0%              0% 


And NFP (Natural Family Planning) was on the bottom. The teacher even
said, "I've had some students tell me that they can't use anything for
birth control because they're Catholic. Well, if you're not married and
you're a practicing Catholic, the *top* of the list is your slot, not 
the *bottom*.  Even if you're not religious, the top of the list is
safest."

Yes, this was a public school and after Dr Koop's "failing abstinence,
use a condom" statement on the prevention of AIDS.

-jen

-- 
Hello, and thank you for reading this request.  I have a Mpeg viewer for x-windows and it did not run because I was running it on a monochrome monitor.  I need the mono-driver for mpeg_play.   

Jeff Fenholt claims to have once been a roadie for Black Sabbath.
He was never ever a musician in the band.  He was in St. Louis several
months back.  The poster I saw at the Christian bookstore I frequent
really turned me off.  It was addressed to all "Homosexuals, prostitutes,
drug addicts, alcoholics, and headbangers..." or something like that.

Well, if I showed up with my long hair and black leather jacket I
would have felt a little pre-judged.  As a Orthodox Christian, and
a "headbanger" I was slightly insulted at being lumped together with
drug addicts and alcoholics.  Oh yes, I suppose since I drink a good
German beer now and then that makes me an alcoholic.  NOT!


critus




  


Neil Gehrels is Prof. Tom Gehrels son.  Tom Gehrels was the discoverer
of P/Gehrels 3 (as well as about 4 other comets - the latest of which
does not bear his name, but rather the name "Spacewatch" since he was
observing with that system when he found the latest comet).  


---------------------------------------------
Jim Scotti 
{jscotti@lpl.arizona.edu}
Lunar & Planetary Laboratory
University of Arizona
Tucson, AZ 85721 USA
The Sophomore
          (Romans 1:22)

The sophomore says, ``What is truth?''
and turns to bask in the admiration of his peers.

How modern how daring how liberating
How modern how daring how liberating
they chant

The sophomore, being American
Doesn't know
That his ``question''

   modern
       skeptical
           cynical

Was asked before, by a

   modern
       skeptical
           cynical
   urbane cosmopolitan

Politician (appointed not elected)
Who happened to live two thousand years ago.

Like many politicians he cared

    Less about ideals
         than results

    Less about ends
         than means

    Less about anything
         than keeping his job
              (and his head).

We might call him
A bit brutal
Though `firm' would be kinder
(And no doubt Stalin, who let nobody go, laughed at his laxness)
He didn't like his job; perhaps he no longer hoped for better
(Nor feared worse, except regarding his head).

And when these wily Jews
With their heads-I-win, tails-you-lose
     conundrums
Brought forth their madman,
His first impulse was to play the Roman:
``I find nothing wrong with him,
  See to it yourselves.''

But when they mentioned `King' and `Caesar'
His heart froze.

If he killed their madman
    He'd start a riot
         and lose his job
             (and his head)

If he saved the King of the Jews
    He'd piss off Caesar
         and lose his job
             (and his head)

And when his wife told him to have
   Nothing to do with the righteous lout
She didn't tell him anything
   He hadn't already figured out.

So he punted.

``Not my jurisdiction!  Take him to see Herod!''
(who just happened to be in town....)

Herod appreciated the courtesy
But wasn't worried
        And sent the sharp-tongued fool
     (Who suddenly didn't have much to say,
    funny how people lose it under pressure....)
  back
In the attire proper
  to his Royal State.

His ass is covered---if Herod has no problem,
Caesar certainly won't.  The fool can be king
of whatever world he wants
as long as it's not Caesar's.

``I'm letting him go,'' he said with a shout.
(Looks like he'll last this one out....)

The crowd's reaction puzzled him.
  They really wanted him dead.
They didn't want the King of the Jews,
  They wanted Barabbas instead
(And, as Josephus records, they got him)

Oh well, he thought,
They all look the same to me.
And we'll get Barabbas next time.

And if I can get them to say
   ``We have no king but Caesar!''
   By killing a madman,
Hell, I'll kill ten a day.

And then Pilate had his fun
  A little joke
    Short
      To the point
        Trilingual

And all this
Went as it always does
When someone gets caught
In the gears of government

And there's a scientific explanation
     (no doubt)
For the superstitious rumors
     (persisting to this day)
That it didn't all end
With a tomb
and a Roman squadron on guard.

Our sophomore doesn't know about this
He doesn't recognize his kindred spirit
(Or truth either, as he admits).

I guess we haven't learned much
in two thousand years.





Here is one by Andrew "Graphics Gems" Glassner that I got from a
collegue of mine.  I think I fiddled with it a little bit to make it
deal with whatever bizarre problem I was working on at the time but it
is known to work.

							spl
			       - - - -
/* spheres
    ASG     9 Feb 85
    spl Thu Mar  8 17:17:40 EST 1990
*/
#include <stdio.h>
#include <math.h>

#define PI 3.141592654

struct Point_struct {
        double x, y, z;
};

static double radius;
static double xorg;
static double yorg;
static double zorg;

do_sphere( r, freq, x, y, z )

  double r;
  int freq;
  double x;
  double y;
  double z;

  {

    int pole;
    double northy, southy, poley;
    double rtheta, rtheta2, ntheta, ntheta2, magicangle;
    double theta, thetastart, thisy, den, t;
    struct Point_node *pnp;
    struct Point_struct p1, p2, p3, p4, n1, n2, n3, n4, pt;

    radius = r;
    xorg = x;
    yorg = y;
    zorg = z;

/* north pole */

    magicangle = 30.0*PI/180.0;
    northy = radius*sin(magicangle);
    southy = -radius*sin(magicangle);
    for (pole=0; pole<2; pole++) {

      if (pole==0) {

        poley=radius;   
        thisy=northy; 
        thetastart=0.0; 

      }
      else { 

        poley= -radius; 
        thisy=southy; 
        thetastart=36.0; 

      }
      for ( theta = thetastart; theta < 360.0; theta += 60.0 ) {

        rtheta = theta*PI/180.0;
        rtheta2 = (theta+60.0)*PI/180.0;
        p1.x = 0.0;  
        p1.y = poley;  
        p1.z = 0.0;  
        p2.x = radius*cos(rtheta);
        p2.y = thisy;
        p2.z = radius*sin(rtheta);
        p3.x = radius*cos(rtheta2);
        p3.y = thisy;
        p3.z = radius*sin(rtheta2);

        if (pole==0) {

/* make ring go the other way so normals are right */

          pt.x = p3.x;  
          pt.y = p3.y;  
          pt.z = p3.z;  
          p3.x = p2.x;  
          p3.y = p2.y;  
          p3.z = p2.z;  
          p2.x = pt.x;  
          p2.y = pt.y;  
          p2.z = pt.z;  

        }

        den = (p1.x*p1.x)+(p1.y*p1.y)+(p1.z*p1.z);  
        den = sqrt(den);

        if (den != 0.0) {

          t = radius / den; 
          p1.x *= t;  
          p1.y *= t;  
          p1.z *= t;

        }

        den = (p2.x*p2.x)+(p2.y*p2.y)+(p2.z*p2.z);  
        den = sqrt(den);

        if (den != 0.0) {

          t = radius / den; 
          p2.x *= t;  
          p2.y *= t;  
          p2.z *= t;

        }

        den = (p3.x*p3.x)+(p3.y*p3.y)+(p3.z*p3.z);  
        den = sqrt(den);

        if (den != 0.0) {

          t = radius / den; 
          p3.x *= t;  
          p3.y *= t;  
          p3.z *= t;

        }

        subdivide_tri(&p1,&p2,&p3,freq);

      }

    }

/* now the body */

    for (theta=0.0; theta<360.0; theta += 60.0) {

      rtheta = theta*PI/180.0;  
      rtheta2 = (theta+60.0)*PI/180.0;
      ntheta = (theta+36.0)*PI/180.0; 
      ntheta2 = (theta+96.0)*PI/180.0;
      p1.x = radius*cos(rtheta);   
      p1.y = northy;  
      p1.z = radius*sin(rtheta);
      p2.x = radius*cos(rtheta2);  
      p2.y = northy;  
      p2.z = radius*sin(rtheta2);
      p3.x = radius*cos(ntheta);   
      p3.y = southy;  
      p3.z = radius*sin(ntheta);
      p4.x = radius*cos(ntheta2);  
      p4.y = southy;  
      p4.z = radius*sin(ntheta2);

      den = (p1.x*p1.x)+(p1.y*p1.y)+(p1.z*p1.z);  
      den = sqrt(den);

      if (den != 0.0) {

        t = radius / den; 
        p1.x *= t;  
        p1.y *= t;  
        p1.z *= t;

      }

      den = (p2.x*p2.x)+(p2.y*p2.y)+(p2.z*p2.z);  
      den = sqrt(den);

      if (den != 0.0) {

        t = radius / den; 
        p2.x *= t;  
        p2.y *= t;  
        p2.z *= t;

      }
      den = (p3.x*p3.x)+(p3.y*p3.y)+(p3.z*p3.z);  
      den = sqrt(den);
      if (den != 0.0) {

        t = radius / den; 
        p3.x *= t;  
        p3.y *= t;  
        p3.z *= t;

      }
      den = (p4.x*p4.x)+(p4.y*p4.y)+(p4.z*p4.z);  
      den = sqrt(den);
      if (den != 0.0) {

        t = radius / den; 
        p4.x *= t;  
        p4.y *= t;  
        p4.z *= t;

      }

      subdivide_tri(&p1,&p2,&p3,freq);
      subdivide_tri(&p3,&p2,&p4,freq);

    }

    return;

  }

#define norm_pt(v) { register double r = sqrt( ( ( v )->x * ( v )->x ) + \
                                               ( ( v )->y * ( v )->y ) + \
                                               ( ( v )->z * ( v )->z ) ); \
                     ( v )->x /= r; \
                     ( v )->y /= r; \
                     ( v )->z /= r; \
                    }

subdivide_tri(p1,p2,p3,a)

  struct Point_struct *p1, *p2, *p3;
  int a;

  {

    struct Point_struct n1, n2, n3;
    struct Point_struct p12, p13, p23;
    double den, t;

    if (a>0) {

      p12.x = (p1->x+p2->x)/2.0;
      p12.y = (p1->y+p2->y)/2.0;
      p12.z = (p1->z+p2->z)/2.0;
      den = (p12.x*p12.x)+(p12.y*p12.y)+(p12.z*p12.z);  
      den = sqrt(den);
      if (den != 0.0) {

        t = radius / den;
        p12.x *= t;  
        p12.y *= t;  
        p12.z *= t;

      }
      p13.x = (p1->x+p3->x)/2.0;
      p13.y = (p1->y+p3->y)/2.0;
      p13.z = (p1->z+p3->z)/2.0;
      den = (p13.x*p13.x)+(p13.y*p13.y)+(p13.z*p13.z); 
      den = sqrt(den);
      if (den != 0.0) {

        t = radius / den;
        p13.x *= t;  
        p13.y *= t;  
        p13.z *= t;

      }
      p23.x = (p2->x+p3->x)/2.0;
      p23.y = (p2->y+p3->y)/2.0;
      p23.z = (p2->z+p3->z)/2.0;
      den = (p23.x*p23.x)+(p23.y*p23.y)+(p23.z*p23.z);  
      den = sqrt(den);
      if (den != 0.0) {

        t = radius / den;
        p23.x *= t;  
        p23.y *= t;  
        p23.z *= t;

      }
      subdivide_tri(p1,  &p12,&p13,a-1);
      subdivide_tri(&p12, p2, &p23,a-1);
      subdivide_tri(&p13,&p23, p3, a-1);
      subdivide_tri(&p12,&p23,&p13,a-1);

    } else {

      n1.x = p1->x;  
      n1.y = p1->y;  
      n1.z = p1->z;  
      norm_pt(&n1);
      n2.x = p2->x;  
      n2.y = p2->y;  
      n2.z = p2->z;  
      norm_pt(&n2);
      n3.x = p3->x;  
      n3.y = p3->y;  
      n3.z = p3->z;  
      norm_pt(&n3);

/* nothing special about this poly */

      printf( "%f %f %f  %f %f %f\n", p1->x + xorg,
                                      p1->y + yorg,
                                      p1->z + zorg,
                                      n1.x, n1.y, n1.z );
      printf( "%f %f %f  %f %f %f\n", p2->x + xorg,
                                      p2->y + yorg,
                                      p2->z + zorg,
                                      n2.x, n2.y, n2.z );
      printf( "%f %f %f  %f %f %f\n", p3->x + xorg,
                                      p3->y + yorg,
                                      p3->z + zorg,
                                      n3.x, n3.y, n3.z );

    }

    return;

  }
09 Apr 93, Jill Anne Daley writes to All:

 JAD> What exactly is a definition of sin and what are some examples. How does
 JAD> a person know when they are committing sin?

To answer briefly: sin is falling short of the glory of God (Romans 3:23)

Steve
Is there evidence independent of the FBI that indicates that the Branch
Davidians set the fire?  What have the survivors said?  Did the press see
anything?

There is, unfortunately, precedent for the U.S. government saving children by
roasting them alive.  (There is precedent for religious self-imolation
as well.)
burning yourself alive seems a rough way to go, given the waco bunch
had other choices.

but it reminded me of the russian old-believers who, thinking the
antichrist was coming in 1666, grew frantic when Peter the Great 
started westernizing Russia and reforming the Russian Church a few
years later. They locked themselves in their churches and burned
themselves alive by the thousands. 

are there other cases of apocalypse-obsessed christians resorting
to self-imolation? is there a history of precedents?
: 
:   Nut or not, he was clearly a liar.  He said he would surrender after
:   local radio stations broadcast his message, but he didn't.  Then he
:   said he would surrender after Passover, but he didn't.
: 
I like option C of the new space station design.. 
It needs some work, but it is simple and elegant..

Its about time someone got into simple construction versus overly complex...

Basically just strap some rockets and a nose cone on the habitat and go for
it..

Might be an idea for a Moon/Mars base to.. 

If I have a habit that I really want to break, and I am willing to
make whatever sacrifice I need to make to break it, then I do so.
There have been bad habits of mine that I've decided to put forth the
effort to break, and I've done so; there have been other bad habits
that I've decided are not worth the effort to break.  It's my choice,
either way.

I am my own master.  I choose what I want to do.  I weigh the benefits
of my actions against their consequences, and I use my experience to
help me deal with the unexpected, which in turn make me more experienced.

I don't always succeed, but I never fail, either -- I learn.

Do *you* have any habits you can't break?  Why not?


I have arrived at my own understanding of Christianity, just as you've
probably arrived at your own understanding of Islam that is most
likely very different from the way a Moslem thinks of his religion.
Are you "unable to master your lack of desire to understand even the
slightest concept of the Quran"?  If that's different, then how is it
different from what you accuse me of?  Can I accuse you of having no
desire to understand even the slightest concept of atheism?


Of COURSE not.  That's disgusting.  For centuries, religions have been
discriminating on sex and treating women as second-class humans;
that's one of the reasons I renounced my Christianity.


No.  I don't insult people.  Period.  It's not in my nature, and it's
not something that I want to do, either.


Not yet -- but my life is the ground I use to practice on.  The fun is
in the getting there!


We don't start out perfect; we've got to strive to be something
better.  I know my shortcomings, and I know my strengths, and I live
my life according to the decisions I make, and I am content to abide
with the consequences of my decisions as easily as I'll accept the
praise for them.  There have been times in my life when I've made
mistakes, yes; I try to never make the same mistake twice.


I regard Christ as a myth.  I feel that there are far too many people
offering far too many interpretations of what he supposedly said and
did.  The only person who can really judge me is *me*.  I choose the
roads I travel, and I decide whether or not I want to reach the end of
any given road or turn back -- and as long as I don't *always* turn
back, there's no shame in it.  When I need help, I seek out my friends.


And you don't have a clue about what I'm saying, either.  Open your
eyes and SEE; open your ears and LISTEN.  I'm not just spouting off
empty words.  This is my LIFE, this is what gives me MEANING.


Huh?  You're going WAY off the track here.

I say my mother loves me.  How do I know, you ask?  I can point to
definite things she's done for me, and I can even just bring her to
you so you can ask her, face-to-face.

You say your deity loves you.  How do you know, I ask?  You can't even
convince me that it exists!


If any god dangles 'heaven' before me like a carrot, promising untold
pleasures to me if I'll only suspend my disbelief and ignore my
rationality for just this once, then I would choose 'hell'.  I can
*not* lie to myself to placate another being, no matter how powerful
it is.

Note also that there are several gods trying to lure me this way:
Yahweh, Allah, Zeus, Odin, Ra...  Please give me a solid reason to
choose one of them over the others.

[ description of Kendigism deleted -- hee hee! ]


That paragraph demonstrates that you haven't listened to a single word
I've said.

Have you ever gone to an amusement park?  Why?  I mean, after a few
hours, it closes, and nothing's different except that you're a few
dollars lighter.  Going to the amusement park doesn't do you any good
at all.  Why do you do such a meaningless thing?

The answer is that you think it's fun.  You play the skee-ball over
and over because you'd like to get better at it, even though you're
not going to win anything better than a stuffed animal even if you
blow ten dollars on it.  You ride the roller coaster because it's an
thrilling experience, even though (because?) it scares the dickens out
of you.

In the same way, I think life is fun.  And I don't intend to leave the
amusement park of life until they close down for the night!  :-D


So you (and your holy book) say.  By the same token, therefore, Santa
Claus delivers toys every xmas.  Don't you see?  I have NO REASON to
believe that what you say is true.  Please give me some reason that I
can't similarly apply to Santa Claus.


I can't do it, because your existence means nothing more to me than
just your communications over the net.  You have no more bearing on
nor importance in my life than that; remove it, and you will cease to
be significant to me.

Are you thereby inferring that your deity is nothing more than a
collection of verses in a book, and cannot be supported without
invoking them?

Or do you mean that the existence of your deity (and, in fact, any
other deity that can be written about) is as real as your own
existence?

Why do you believe what you believe?

...

	Nearly all of them.  Witness LA>  Firemen are among our real
	heroes most of the time.  I wonder when they were actually
	aasked to come, or if they found out about the fire over the
	TV ....


	Shot at by whom?  prove it!


	When "law" replaces "justice" the system is dying or dead.
	Note that we had a small revolution 216 years ago on this
	point.


	Or perhaps just wait.
	Or maybeeven send in a few agents who are Christian to
		sit down and pray outside the line?  Try affinity
		rather than subversion?



	Chuckle.  SO would you if someone points a gun at you.
	At that point you can die or live; and if living means
	stayng in a building to keep badge carrying nuts off your
	kids, I suspect you might as well.

BOTH sides were wrong.


	Try again:  go see the movie Sophie's CHoice.
	Grow up.

It was a gift from God.  I think basically the reasoning was that the
tradition in the Church held that Mary was also without sin as was Jesus.
As the tenets of faith developed, particularly with Augustine, sin was
more and more equated with sex, and thus Mary was assumed to be a virgin
for life (since she never sinned, and since she was the spouse of God, etc.)
Since we also had this notion of original sin, ie. that man is born with
a predisposition to sin, and since Mary did not have this predisposition
because she did not ever sin, she didn't have original sin.  When science
discovered the process of conception, the next step was to assume that
Mary was conceived without original sin, the Immaculate Conception.

Mary at that time appeared to a girl named Bernadette at Lourdes.  She 
refered to herself as the Immaculate Conception.  Since a nine year old 
would have no way of knowing about the doctrine, the apparition was deemed
to be true and it sealed the case for the doctrine.

RCs hold that all revelation comes from two equally important sources, that
being Sacred Scripture and Holy Tradition.  In this case, mostly tradition.
Australian Pattern Recognition Society

                         2nd CALL FOR PAPERS

                               DICTA-93

                          2nd Conference on -

         DIGITAL IMAGING COMPUTING: TECHNIQUES AND APPLICATIONS


Location: Macquarie Theatre
          Macquarie University
          Sydney

Date: 8-10 December 1993.


   DICTA-93 is the second biennial national conference of the
Australian Pattern Recognition Society.

   This event will provide an opportunity for any persons with an
interest in computer vision, digital image processing/analysis and other
aspects of pattern recognition to become informed about contemporary
developments in the area, to exchange ideas, to establish contacts and
to share details of their own work with others.

        The Following invited speakers will provide specialised
presentations:

Prof Gabor T. Herman, University of Pennsylvania on Medical Imaging.

Prof. R.M. Hodgson, Massey University New Zealand on Computer Vision.

Prof. Dominique Juelin, Centre de Morphologie Mathematique, Paris on
Mathematical Morphology.

Prof. John Richards, Aust. Defence Force Academy, Canberra on Remote
Sensing.

Dr. Phillip K. Robertson, CSIRO Division of Information Technology,
Canberra on Interactive Visualisation.


   The conference will concentrate on (but is not limited to) the
following areas of image processing:-

                * Computer Vision and Object Recognition
                * Motion Analysis
                * Morphology
                * Medical Imaging
                * Fuzzy logic and Neural Networks
                * Image Coding
                * Machine Vision and Robotics
                * Enhancement and Restoration
                * Enhancement and Restoration
                * Visualisation
                * Industrial Applications
                * Software and Hardware Tools

   Papers are sought for presentation at the conference and publication
in the conference proceedings. Submission for peer review should consist
of an extended abstract of 750-1000 words of doubled spaced text, summarizing the
technical aspects of the paper and any results that will be quoted.
Final papers should be limited to no more than 8 pages of text and
illustrations in camera-ready form.


   Four (4) copies of the abstract should be sent to:


                               DICTA-93
                          C/- Tony Adriaansen
                  CSIRO - Division of Wool Technology
                                PO Box 7
                             Ryde NSW 2112
                               Australia



                            IMPORTANT DATES

                Abstract due            - 25th June 1993
                Acceptance notified     - 27th August 1993
                Final paper due         - 15th October 1993



SOCIAL PROGRAM:

The conference dinner will be held on the Thursday 9th of December 1993.
Other social activities are being arranged.

Situated on a beautiful harbour, Sydney has many and varied places of
interest. The Opera House and Harbour Bridge are just two of the well
known landmarks. Harbour cruises, city tours to the Blue Mountains run
daily. We can provide further information on request.


ACCOMMODATION:

Accommodation within 15 min walking distance is available, ranging from
college style to 5 star Hotel facilities. Information will be supplied
upon request.


CONFERENCE FEES:

                        before 30th Sep.        After 30th Sep.
APRS Members              A$220                   A$250
APRS Student Members      A$120                   A$150
Others                    A$250                   A$280

Conference Dinner         A$35
on Dec 9th 1993


-------------------------------------------------------------
                ADVANCED REGISTRATION

Name:
Organisation:
Address

Phone:
Fax:
email:

                - I am a current Member of APRS.

                - I am not a current member of APRS.

                - Please send me information on accommodation.


I enclose a cheque for

-------------------------------------------------------------

Please send the above form to

DICTA-93
C/- Tony Adriaansen
CSIRO - Division of Wool Technology
PO Box 7
Ryde NSW 2112
Australia

The cheques should be made payable to DICTA-93.

For further information contact:
* Tony Adriaansen (02) 809 9495
* Athula Ginigie  (02) 330 2393
* email: dicta93@ee.uts.edu.au

Good question.  I don't have a nice concise answer, though.  What about the
child whose parents are crushed emotionally because he/she starts a carerr
doing something they greatly dislike.  It is the same kind of harm, and
is probably "caused" by the same thing:  The desire of the child to be 
true to his or her self.

What is more important, being true to yourself or burying that truth within
you in order to maintain peace in the family?

hard question, no good answer.
Here is some material by Michael Davies on the subject of schism in
general and Archishop Lefebvre in particular.  He wrote it around
1990.  The first part of the two-part article was on the scandalous
activities of Archbishop Weakland (in this country), but I cut all
that.  And I pared down the rest to what was relevant.

Joe Buehler

...

Schism and Disobedience

According to St. Thomas Aquinas, schism consists primarily in a
refusal of submission to the Pope or communion with the members of the
Church united to him. On first sight it would appear that, whatever
the subjective motivation of the Archbishop, as discussed above, he
must be in a state of objective schism as he has refused to submit to
the Pope on a very grave matter involving his supreme power of
jurisdiction. However, standard Catholic textbooks of theology make it
clear that while all schisms involve disobedience not all acts of
disobedience are schismatic. If this were so, as was noted at the
beginning of this article, it would mean that the number of American
bishops who are not schismatic would not reach double figures.

The distinction between disobedience and schism is made very clear in
the article on schism in the very authoritative Dictionnaire de
Theologie Catholique. The article is by Father Yves Congar who is
certainly no friend of Archbishop Lefebvre.  He explains that schism
and disobedience are so similar that they are often confused. Father
Congar writes that schism involves a refusal to accept the existence
of legitimate authority in the Church, for example, Luther's rejection
of the papacy. Father Congar explains that the refusal to accept a
decision of legitimate authority in a particular instance does not
constitute schism but disobedience.  The Catholic Encyclopedia
explains that for a Catholic to be truly schismatic he would have to
intend "to sever himself from the Church as far as in him lies."  It
adds that "not every disobedience is schism; in order to possess this
character it must include besides the transgression of the command of
the superiors, a denial of their divine right to command."Not only
does Mgr. Lefebvre not deny the divine right of the Pope to command,
but he affirms repeatedly his recognition of the Pope's authority and
his intention of never breaking away from Rome. The Archbishop made
his attitude clear in the July/August 1989 issue of 30 Days: "We pray
for the Pope every day. Nothing has changed with the consecrations
last June 30. We are not sedevacantists. We recognize in John Paul II
the legitimate Pope of the Catholic Church. We don't even say that he
is a heretical Pope. We only say that his Modernist actions favor
heresy."

...

Intrinsically Schismatic?

The principal argument used by those claiming that Mgr. Lefebvre is in
schism is that the consecration of a bishop without a papal mandate is
an intrinsically schismatic act. A bishop who carries out such a
consecration, it is claimed, becomes ipso facto a schismatic. This is
not true. If such a consecration is an intrinsically schismatic act it
would always have involved the penalty of excommunication. In the 1917
Code of Canon Law the offence was punished only by suspension (see
Canon 2370 of the 1917 Code). Pope Pius XII had raised the penalty to
excommunication as a response to the establishment of a schismatic
church in China. The consecration of these illicit Chinese bishops
differed radically from the consecrations carried out by Mgr. Lefebvre
as the professed intention was to repudiate the authority of the Pope,
that is, to deny that he has the right to govern the Church, and the
illicitly consecrated Chinese bishops were given a mandate to exercise
an apostolic mission. Neither Archbishop Lefebvre nor any of the
bishops he has consecrated claim that they have powers of
jurisdiction. They have been consecrated solely for the purpose of
ensuring the survival of the Society by carrying out ordinations and
also to perform confirmations. I do not wish to minimize in any way
the gravity of the step take by Mgr. Lefebvre. The consecration of
bishops without a papal mandate is far more serious matter than the
ordination of priests as it involves a refusal in practice of the
primacy or jurisdiction belonging by divine right to the Roman
Pontiff. But the Archbishop could argue that the crisis afflicting the
Church could not be more grave, and that grave measures were needed in
response.

It appears to be taken for granted by most of the Archbishop's critics
that he was excommunicated for the offense of schism, and the Vatican
has certainly been guilty of fostering this impression.  There is not
so much as a modicum of truth in this allegation. The New Code of
Canon Law includes a section beginning with Canon 1364 entitled
"Penalties for Specific Offenses" (De Poenis in Singula Dicta). The
first part deals with "Offenses against Religion and the Unity of the
Church" (De Delictis contra Religionem et Ecclesiae Unitatem). Canon
1364 deals with the offense of schism which is, evidently, together
with apostasy and heresy, one of the three fundamental offenses
against the unity of the Church.

But the Archbishop was not excommunicated under the terms of this
canon or, indeed, under any canon involving an offense against
religion or the unity of the church. The canon cited in his
excommunication comes from the third section of "Penalties for
Specific Offenses" which is entitled "Usurpation of Ecclesial
Functions and Offenses in their Exercise" (De Munerum Ecclesiasticorum
Usurpatione Degue Delictis iniis Exercendis). The canon in question is
Canon 1382, which reads: "A bishop who consecrates someone bishop and
the person who receives such a consecration from a bishop without a
pontifical mandate incur an automatic (latae sententiae)
excommunication reserved to the Holy See."

The scandalous attempts to smear Archbishop Lefebvre with the offense
of schism are, then, contrary to both truth and charity. A comparable
smear under civil as opposed to ecclesiastical law would certainly
justify legal action for libel involving massive damages. An accurate
parallel would be to state that a man convicted of manslaughter had
been convicted of first degree murder.

I must stress that what I have written here is not the dubious opinion
of laymen unversed in the intricacies of Canon Law. Canon lawyers
without the least shred of sympathy for Mgr. Lefebvre have repudiated
the charge of schism made against him as totally untenable. Father
Patrick Yaldrini, Dean of the Faculty of Canon Law of the Institut
Catholique in Paris noted in the 4 July 1988 issue of Valeurs
actuelles that, as I have just explained, Mgr.  Lefebvre was not
excommunicated for schism but for the usurpation of an ecclesiastical
function. He added that it is not the consecration of a bishop which
constitutes schism but the conferral of an apostolic mission upon the
illicitly consecrated bishop. It is this usurpation of the powers of
the sovereign pontiff which proves the intention of establishing a
parallel Church.

Cardinal Rosalio Lara, President of the Pontifical Commission for the
Authentic Interpretation of Canon Law, commented on the consecrations
in the 10 July 1988 issue of la Repubblica. It would be hard to

    The act of consecrating a bishop (without a papal mandate) is not
    in itself a schismatic act. In fact, the Code that deals with
    offenses is divided into two sections. One deals with offenses
    against religion and the unity of the Church, and these are
    apostasy, schism, and heresy. Consecrating a bishop with a
    pontifical mandate is, on the contrary, an offense against the
    exercise of a specific ministry. For example, in the case of the
    consecrations carried out by the Vietnamese Archbishop Ngo Dinh
    Thuc in 1976 and 1983, although the Archbishop was excommunicated
    he was not considered to have committed a schismatic act because
    there was no intention of a breach with the Church.

....

It is not simply unjust but ludicrous to suggest that in consecrating
bishops without a papal mandate Archbishop Lefebvre had the least
intent of establishing a schismatic church. He is not a schismatic and
will never be a schismatic. The Archbishop considers correctly that
the the Church is undergoing its worst crisis since the Arian heresy,
and that for the good of the Church it was necessary for him to
consecrate the four bishops to ensure the future of his Society. Canon
Law provides for just such a situation, and even if one believes that
the future of the Society could have been guaranteed without these
consecrations, the fact that the Archbishop believed sincerely that it
could not means, as Canon Law states clearly, that he has not incurred
excommunication. Furthermore, while the Vatican allows such prelates
as Archbishop Weakland to undermine the Faith with impunity it cannot
expect Catholics to pay the least attention to its sanctions against a
great and orthodox Archbishop whose entire life has been devoted to
the service of the Church and the salvation of souls.

Dr. Eric M. de Saventhem, President of the International Una Voce
Association, is one of the best informed laymen in the Church, and he
knows the Archbishop intimately. Dr. de Saventhem, like myself, has no
greater desire than to see a reconciliation between Mgr. Lefebvre and
the Holy See during the Archbishop's lifetime. A quotation from a
statement by Dr. de Saventhem which was published in the 15 February
1989 Remnant merits careful study:
I am looking for a source of orbital element sets
other than UAF/Space Command.  I believe there is
one on CompuServe.  Please let me know what other
possible sources there are and how I can reach 
them.  Thanks much.

Deuteronmy 20:13
And when the Lord thy God hath delivered it into thine hands, thou shalt smite
every male thereof with the edge of the sword

Joshua 6:21
And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, bith man and women,
young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the sword.
II SAMUEL 24: And again the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel,
and he moved David against them to say, Go, number Isreal and Judah.

If raw materials where to cost enough that getting them from space would
be cost effective then the entire world economy would colapse long
before the space mines could be built.

  Allen

Everbody has been defining envelope.
Why was the world "envelope" chosen, rather than say "shell", 
or "boundary".  In analogy with the envelopes of airships perhaps?

Actually, "shell" might be good.  Push the shell too hard and
it (the aircraft?) breaks. 

[horror story about FBI ruining a guy's life for the hell of it omitted]


So, is this a real story or a work of fiction?  How about some
sources?  When, where, and in what newspaper did you get all this
from?  Or is it all hypothetical?
The trouble with trying to find out the truth is that Roehm and his
buddies were ACCUSED OF being flaming faggots, one of the pretexts for the
Night of Long Knives in which Roehm and most of the SA wing of the NSDAP
were purged.  Since the accusers thereafter controlled the records,
anything bearing on the subject -- true or not -- has to be considered
tainted evidence.  The available data suggest that Roehm and his crowd,
the SA -- Sturmabteilung, "Storm Troopers" -- left the world a better
place when they departed, but concrete particulars are still no more than
more or less shrewd guesses.  
-- Diccon Frankborn

Hi Christian friends,

My name is Joel, I have a sister who's 25th birthday is tomorrow.....She
used to be on fire for the Lord, but somehow, for some reason, she
became cold....she don't want to associate anymore with her old
christian friends.........so I thought maybe some of you could help her
out again by sending her a postcard or card with a little message of
encouragement.....hand written is okay....her address is 3150 Hobart
Ave. San Jose Ca. 95127...........

Thank you and God Bless.

PS: Jesus Christ is LORD!!!!!!!! 


The RS6000 compiler is so forgiving, I think that if you mixed COBOL & pascal
the C compiler still wouldn't complain. :-)

Steve
-- 

I disagree.  People marry each other.  When they commit fully to each
other as life partners, they are married.  The ceremony may assist in
emphasizing the depth of such a commitment, but is of itself nothing.
God knows our hearts.  He knows when two have committed themselves to
be one, he knows the fears and delusions we have that keep us from fully
giving ourselves to another.  The way I see it, you'd have to be living
together in a marriage for somewhere between 10 and 100 years before anyone
knew if a marriage really existed, but God knows.  I don't think God keeps
a scorebook.
 

Finding the circumcenter of a tetrahedron is discussed on page 33 in

CONTOURING: A guide to the analysis and display of spatial data,
by Dave Watson, Pergamon Press,  1992, ISBN 0 08 040286 0, 321p.

Each pair of tetrahedral vertices define a plane which is a 
perpendicular bisector of the line between that pair.  Express each
plane in the form Ax + By + Cz = D
and solve the set of simultaneous equations from any three of those
planes that have a vertex in common (all vertices are used).  
The solution is the circumcenter.

Are 'Moody Monthly' and 'Moody' the same magazine (name change in recent
years)?

If not: Could someone post the address to 'Moody Monthly'?

:)avid

I am a Mac-user when it comes to graphics (that's what I own software and hardware for) and
I've recently come across a large number of TTTDDD format modeling databases.  Is there any
software, mac or unix, for translating those to something I could use, like DXF?  Please
reply via email.



Very interesting, but I also believe that you have presented a
misleading argument.  Christianity is not the cause of the massacres
and horrific injustices that you relate, rather they are the fault
of people who misunderstand Jesus Christ's message, and modify
it to suit their own beliefs and aims, rather than alter their
ambitions to be more in line with those presented as desirable in
the New Testament.  With every truthful and good message that
carries authority or implied authority, comes the inevitable
fact that some (many?) people will understand it in a distorted
way, with inevitable consequences.

The Bible's message is that we are to love all people, and
that all people are redeemable.  It preaches a message of
repentance, and of giving.  Unfortunately, all people have
deceitful hearts, and are capable of turning this message
around and contorting it in sometimes unbelievable ways.
This is also a fundamental Christian doctrine.

One of the problems is that you look at the world through
the eyes of Western history.  I think that you will find
many, many cases of massacres that were instigated by
people who never claimed they were Christian.  I am not saying
this to justify the massacres that were, but I am merely
pointing you to a tendency which is present in humans already.

Consider the world without Christianity.  I doubt that we
would have the same freedoms in the countries in which we
live, if it wasn't for the peaceful doctrines of Jesus Christ.
Perhaps we would even be confronted by a very harsh religion
(I won't name any here, though one comes to mind) which
would not even allow us the freedom of speech to debate such
subjects.

Point the blame at inherent human tendencies of thirst for
power, greed and hatred.  Please don't point the blame at
a message which preaches fundamental giving and denial, in
love for others.

Yours in Christ,

Andrew McVeigh


p.s. I believe that a line of questioning like you presented
is, strangely enough, compatible with becoming a Christian.
Certainly Christianity encourages one to question the behaviour
of the world, and especially Christians.  I praise God for
Jesus Christ, and the fact that we can doubt our beliefs
and still come back to God and be forgiven, time and time
again.

--
*****


	I am puzzled by the term "concept." Drag free may already have
been flown. It was the idea behind putting up a spacecraft that would
more accurately respond to motions from the Earth's gravity field and
ignore drag. It was proposed many years ago and involved a ball
floating between sensors whose job it was to signal to little
adjustment jets to keep the ball away from them. The ball itself would
then be in a drag free condition and respond only to gravity
anisotropies, whereas the spacecraft itself would be continuously
adjusting its position to compensate for drag.


Try xviewgl.
(filename xviewgl_v1.1.tar.Z on lots of bases)

- Ove
: I have 19 (2 MB worth!) uuencode'd GIF images contain charts outlining
: one of the many alternative Space Station designs being considered in
: Crystal City.  [...]

I just posted the GIF files out for anonymous FTP on server ics.uci.edu.
You can retrieve them from:
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode01.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode02.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode03.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode04.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode05.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode06.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode07.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode08.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode09.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode10.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode11.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode12.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode13.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode14.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode15.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode16.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geode17.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geodeA.gif
  ics.uci.edu:incoming/geodeB.gif

The last two are scanned color photos; the others are scanned briefing
charts.

These will be deleted by the ics.uci.edu system manager in a few days,
so now's the time to grab them if you're interested.  Sorry it took
me so long to get these out, but I was trying for the Ames server,
but it's out of space.

-- Ken Jenks, NASA/JSC/GM2, Space Shuttle Program Office
      kjenks@gothamcity.jsc.nasa.gov  (713) 483-4368

Voyager  has the unusual  luck to be on a stable trajectory out of the
solar system.   All it's doing is collecting  fields  data,  and routinely
squirting it down.  One of the mariners is also in stable
solar orbit,  and still providing similiar  solar data.  

Something  in a planetary orbit,  is subject to much more complex forces.

Comsats, in "stable " geosynch  orbits,  require  almost daily
stationkeeping operations.   

For the occasional  deep space bird,  like PFF  after pluto,  sure
it could be left on  "auto-pilot".  but things like  galileo or
magellan,  i'd suspect they need enough  housekeeping that
even untended they'd  end up unusable after a while.

The better question  should be.

Why not transfer  O&M of all birds to a separate agency with continous funding
to support these kind of ongoing science missions.

pat

	When ongoing ops are mentioned,  it seems to  always quote  Operations
and Data analysis.  how much would it cost to collect the data
and let it be analyzed  whenever.  kinda like all that landsat data
that sat around for 15 years before someone analyzed it for the ozone hole.
Hi all,

    I'm trying to get mailing addresses for the following
companies.  Specifically, I need addresses for their personnel
offices or like bureau.  The companies are:

	- AMROC
	- Orbital Sciences Corp. (sp?)
	- Spacehab, Inc.  (I know this one is somewhere in 
		 	   Seattle, WA, or at least part of it is.)
	- Space Industries, Inc.  (Somewhere in Houston)
	- Space Enterprises Inc.

If anybody could point me in the right direction on this, I
would be most appreciative.  I prefer an email response, but I
will post a summary if sufficient interest exists.

Thanks,


No, IMO, Mr. Stowell missed the point.


Mr. Stowell seems to have jumped rather strangely from truth to absolutes.
I don't see how that necessarily follows.  

Are all truths also absolutes?
Is all of scripture truths (and therefore absolutes)?

If the answer to either of these questions is no, then perhaps you can 
explain to me how you determine which parts of Scripture are truths, and
which truths are absolutes.  And, who is qualified to make these 
determinations?  There is hardly consensus, even in evangelical 
Christianity (not to mention the rest of Christianity) regarding 
Biblical interpretation.

I find Mr. Stowell's statement terribly simple-minded.

Yes, it's important to realize that all actions have consequences,
and that "rules" were made for our own good.  But to suggest that a
*disease* is a *punishment* for certain types of sin I think is 
taking things much too far.  If we got some kind of mouth disease
for lying, would any of us have mouths left?  What if we developed
blindness every time we lusted after someone or something?  I dare
say all of us would be walking into walls.

Yes, sin can have terrible consequences, but we need to be *real*
careful when saying that the consequences are a *punishment* for 
sin.  The Jews of Jesus's time believed that all sickness was the
result of a sin.  Then Jesus healed a blind man and said that man was
blind to show the glory of God, not because of sin.  If AIDS, or any
other STD is a *punishment" for sexual sin, what do we do with 
diseases like cancer, or multiple sclerosis, which are just as
debilitating and terrible as AIDS, yet are not usually linked to a
specific behavior or lifestyle?

Atonement is *extremely* important, but I think you've missed the mark
about as far as you can by suggesting that AIDS is an atonement for sin.
The atonement for sin is JESUS CHRIST - period.  This is the central
message of the Gospel.  A perfect sacrifice was required for our sins,
and was made in the Lamb of God.  His sacrifice atoned for *all* of
our sins, past present and future.  God does not require pennance for
our sins, nor does he require us to come up with our own atonement.  He
has graciously already done that for us.  To suggest that AIDS or 
some other consequence is an atonement for sins is literally spitting
on the sacrifice that Jesus made.

In case you couldn't tell, I get *extremely* angry and upset when
I see things like this.  Instead of rationalizing our own fears and
phobias, we need to be reaching out to people with AIDS and other
socially unacceptable diseases.  Whether they got the disease through
their own actions or not is irrelevant.  They still need Jesus Christ,
no more and no less than we do.  I've said this before, but I think
it's a good analogy.  People with AIDS are modern-day lepers.  Jesus
healed many lepers.  He can also heal people with AIDS, maybe not on
this earth, but in an ultimate sense.  My next-door neighbor has AIDS.
She has recently come to have a much deeper and more committed 
relationship with God.  Her theology isn't what I would want it to be,
but God's grace covers her.  The amazing thing is that she is gaining
weight (she's had the disease for over 2 years) and her health is
excellent apart from occassional skin rashes and such.  She attributes
her improvement in her health to God's intervention in her life.  Who
are we to suggest that her disease is some kind of punishment?  It
seems to me that God is being glorified through her disease.

Paul Overstreet, the country singer, has a good song title that I 
think applies to all of us - But for the Grace of God, There Go I
(or something like that).

May we all experience and accept God's grace.


===============================================================================
Paul Conditt		Internet: conditt@titan.tsd.arlut.utexas.edu
Applied Research	Phone:	  (512) 835-3422   FAX: (512) 835-3416/3259
  Laboratories		Fedex:	  10000 Burnet Road, Austin, Texas 78758-4423
University of Texas	Postal:	  P.O. Box 8029, Austin, Texas 78713-8029
Austin, Texas <----- the most wonderful place in Texas to live


I guess the San Jose Mercury news is wrong then, and if so, why is the DA 
involved? 
 
Long time, no see.

			Andreas

-- 

		Andreas - Siperian Sirri   Siberian Stint
Hi guys,
	I've been hearing lots of talk on the net about DC-X and DC-Y,
but none of the many posts actually explain what they are !!! Sorry if
this is a FAQ, but would somebody please explain to me what they are.
Reply by Email please . . . thanks.

	Andy

ajjb@adam4.bnsc.rl.ac.uk
-- 
The Centaur is controlled technology..
State Dept will not allow it to be used outside of US. Sorry.





They exist.  Even photosynthetic varieties.  Not economical at this
time, though.
Have you considered the Apple Laserwriter IIg. We use it for all our B&W
image printing.





Gamma Ray Bursts (GRBs) are seen coming equally from all directions.
However, given the number of bright ones, there are too few faint
ones to be consistent with being equally dense for as far
as we can see--it is as if they are all contained within
a finite sphere (or a sphere with fuzzy edges) with us at the
center.  (These measurements are statistical, and you can
always hide a sufficiently small number of a different
type of GRB with a different origin in the data.  I am assuming
that there is only one population of GRBs).

The data indicates that we are less than 10% of the radius of the center
of the distribution.  The only things the Earth is at the exact center
of are the Solar system (at the scale of the Oort cloud of comets
way beyond Pluto) and the Universe.  Cosmological theories, placing
GRBs throughout the Universe, require supernova-type energies to
be released over a timescale of milliseconds.  Oort cloud models
tend to be silly, even by the standards of astrophysics.

If GRBs were Galactic (i.e. distributed through the Milky Way Galaxy)
you would expect them to be either concentrated in the plane of
the Galaxy (for a 'disk' population), or towards the Galactic center
(for a spherical 'halo' population).  We don't see this, so if they
are Galactic, they must be in a halo at least 250,000 light years in
radius, and we would probably start to see GRBs from the Andromeda
Galaxy (assuming that it has a similar halo.)  For comparison, the
Earth is 25,000 light-years from the center of the Galaxy.


The aren't concentrated in the known spacelanes, and we don't
see many coming from Zeta Reticuli and Tau Ceti.


There are more than 130 GRB different models in the refereed literature.
Right now, the theorists have a sort of unofficial moratorium
on new models until new observational evidence comes in.



I agree we need sleep & etc, but I disagree we are _just_ animals.   
That statement is a categorical negative; it's like saying there are  
_no_ polkadoted elephants.  It may be true but one would have to be  
omniscient to know for sure.




Maybe not to you.  But to those who stand on this base, He is 
precious.

Archer> How about "Interactive Sex with Madonna"?

or "Sexium" for short.

/Lars
Are any readers of s.r.c. going to the Love Europe congress in Germany this
July?

Well, it wasn't that way for Enoch and Elijah, both of whom were
translated directly into heaven.  It's beyond my grasp why some object
that Mary, who was far greater than either Enoch or Elijah, should not
benefit from the same privelege they recieved.  She was after all,
Mother of God, full of grace, and immaculate.


And in St. Germain of Constantinople and St. John of Damascus, and in
St. Andrew of Crete, among others.

And it should be noted that the Monophysite Chruches of Egypt and Syria
also hold to this belief as part of divine revelation, even though they
broke away from the unity of the Chruch in 451 AD by rejecting the
Council of Chalcedon.  It might be argued by some Protestants that the
Catholics and Orthodox made this belief up, but the Monophysites, put a
big hole in that notion, as they also hold the belief, and they split
from the Chruch before the belief was first annunciated in writing (as
far as is known, much has been lost from the time of the Fathers).

Where does the shadow come from?  There's nothing close enough to block
sunlight from hitting them.  I wouldn't expect there to be anything block
our view of them either.  What am I missing?

Sorry to put a damper on your plans, but I was there three weeks ago and
it wasn't there.  Not that I would have known to look for it, of course,
but I combed the space exhibits pretty thoroughly and something like that
would have caught my attention instantly.

I wanted to know if any of you out there can recommend a good
book about graphics, still and animated, and in VGA/SVGA.

Thanks in advance


I'm sorry, but He does not!  Ever read the FIRST commandment?


Hallo POV-Renderers !
I've got a BocaX3 Card. Now I try to get POV displaying True Colors
while rendering. I've tried most of the options and UNIVESA-Driver
but what happens isn't correct.
Can anybody help me ?


	The VESA standard can be requested from VESA:
	VESA
	2150 North First Street, Suite 440
	San Jose, CA 95131-2029

	Ask for the VESA VBE and Super VGA Programming starndards.  VESA
	also defines local bus and other standards.

	The VESA standard only addresses ways in which an application
	can find out info and capabilities of a specific super VGA
	implementation and to control the video mode selection
	and video memory access.

	You still have to set your own pixels.


	VESA defines a "window" that is used to access video memory.
	This window is anchored at the spot where you want to write,
	and then you can write as far as the window takes you (usually
	64K).  Windows have granularities, so you can't just anchor 
	them anywhere.  Also, some implementations allow two windows.


	This is VESA mode 101h.  There is a Set Display Start function
	that might be useful for scrolling.


	Your best bet is to write VESA for the info.  There have also
	been announcements on this group of VESA software.

I would like to program Tseng ET4000 to nonstandard 1024x768 mode by
switching to standard 1024x768 mode using BIOS and than changing some
timing details (0x3D4 registers 0x00-0x1F) but I don't know how to
select 36 MHz pixel clock I need. The BIOS function selects 40 MHz.

Is there anybody who knows where to obtain technical info about this.
I am also interested in any other technical information about Tseng ET4000
and Trident 8900 and 9000 chipsets.

			thanks very much

There are 2 books published by M&T BOOKS that come with C source code on
floppies.  They are:

Programming In 3 Dimensions, 3-D Graphics, Ray Traycing, and Animation
by: Christopher D. Watkins and Larry Sharp.

Photorealism and Ray Tracing in C
by: Christopher D. Watkins, Stephen B. Coy, and Mark Finlay.

I have the first book and it is a great intro to 3-D, Ray Tracing and
Animation.  Most of the programs are on the disk compiled and ready to run.

I have only glanced at the second book but it also appears to be good.

Hope this helps!
Mark Larsen

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
markl@hunan.rastek.com





Do you question the existence of Alexander the Great, Tilgrath Pilisar III,
Nero, Caligula, Josephus, Cyrus the Great, Artexerxes?   Their documents
have decayed to dust too.  Brian, why another excuse? 


Peter wrote a bit of the Bible.  What Peter says about God is what
the Bible says.   


Consider the Bible a court recording.  Over the period of thousands of
years, various people come up and testify of their experience with the
living God.  Up comes Abraham the wealthy rancher.  Up comes Moses,
once the high official of Egypt.  Up comes Elijah, a priest.  Up comes
David, a mere shepherd who became King.  Up comes the pagan King 
Nebuchanezzar.  Up comes the pagan King of Persia, Cyrus.  Up comes
Nehemiah, cupbearer to the King of Persia.  Then Matthew, an IRS agent
takes the stand.  Up comes Luke, an M.D.  Then Paul a Jew who use
to kill Christians for fun.  Up comes John, a 17 year old boy.  Up
comes Peter, a fishermen.  Up comes James, the brother of Jesus himself.
Up comes hundreds of others.  You hear testimony from fishermen, IRS
agents, priests, Kings.  The court hearing lasts thousands of years
with people coming up and testifying about the God who calls himself
"I am." 

While you are listening to all this stuff, you realize that
King David could have never known John, Solomon could have never known
Matthew, Nehemiah could have never known Peter.  You realize that all these
people are independent witnesses, and so, you rule out collaboration.  Yet
all of the witnesses tell of the same God.   Each testifier tells
of his own experiences with the living God.  Each experience is
different, but each experience has enough cross-over to unmistakenly
reveal that each one of these people is talking about the very same God.
What Daniel did not know about God, the 3rd Highest Official of
Babylon, God revealed to John 600 years later--but with a different
perspective.  No two testimonies are identical.  Each testimony
dares to venture off what is already known.  Yet each witness's
testimony, even though different from those prior, consistently
describes harmoniously fitting facets of the character of the same God.  

Now.  As we stare gazing at the computer, you got this seeming fanatic
on the other end of the net, saying, I know this God  "I am".  He has
revealed himself to me too.  He also calls himself Jesus (John 8:58).
Please believe me.  I am telling the truth.  It is wonderful to know him.
My CorelDRAW 3.0.whatever write SCODL files directly. Look under File|Export
on the main menu. 
I responded to Jim's other articles today, but I see that I neglected
to respond to this one.  I wouldn't want him to think me a hypocrite
for not responding to *every* stupid article on t.r.m.

[dictionary definitions of "not" "disagree" and "agree" deleted]

Oh, but I'm weary of trying to wade through Jim's repertoire of 
red herrings and smoke screens.

Let's see what we get when we run all four articles posted by Jim today
through the 'discord' filter (a Markov chain program that Steve Lamont
was kind enough to send me):

	Taking action? A white geese be held
	as an accomplice to be held as
	a decision upon the door
	A black and white goose waddles past
	the eyes of the door. 
	Hits it with the confidence interval for 
	that individual is held responsible 
	for that, that individual 
	may be held as a 
	getaway car may be held 
	as an uncountably large number 
	of the driver of something 
	and agree.

	A black goose 
	waddles past the person imprisoned?

	White goose waddles past the 
	confidence interval for the population 
	of geese be axed, 
	fine.
	And white goose 
	waddles past the door.

Does running Jim's articles through 'discord' make them more
coherent?  Less coherent?

Or has 'discord' turned Jim's articles into an angst-ridden poem
about making choices in a world filled with uncertainty, yet being
held responsible for the choices we make?  Do the geese symbolize
an inner frustration with ambiguity, a desire that everything be
black and white, with no shades of gray?  Does the "getaway car"
tell us that to try to renounce the existential nature of our
being is not to "get away" from responsibility for our actions,
but rather to take the role of the passive accomplice, the
"driver" of the getaway car, as it were?  Does the juxtaposition
of man and machine, car and driver, reveal a subtext: an internal
conflict between determinism and moral responsibility?

Or am I reading too much into a collaboration between Jim and
a random number generator?
Has anybody compiled VOGL-graphics library
for IBM-PC? I need to call it from MS-Fortran
but don't have MS-C to compile the sources.

Thanks for any help...



	The newspaper itself is almost certainly copyrighted in its
entirety.  Newspapers generally employ legal staffs which make sure
they get permission to use a copyrighted image or text.  Did you
do the same?
-- 
-John
G'day all,

Can anybody point me at a utility which will read/convert/crop/whatnot/
display HDF image files ? I've had a look at the HDF stuff under NCSA 
and it must take an award for odd directory structure, strange storage
approaches and minimalist documentation :-)

Part of the problem is that I want to look at large (5MB+) HDF files and
crop out a section. Ideally I would like a hdftoppm type of utility, from
which I can then use the PBMplus stuff quite merrily. I can convert the cropped
part into another format for viewing/animation.

Otherwise, can someone please explain how to set up the NCSA Visualisation S/W
for HDF (3.2.r5 or 3.3beta) and do the above cropping/etc. This is for
Suns with SunOS 4.1.2.

Any help GREATLY appreciated. Ta muchly !

Cheers,
	Markus

-- 
Markus Buchhorn, Parallel Computing Research Facility
email = markus@octavia.anu.edu.au
Australian National University, Canberra, 0200 , Australia.
[International = +61 6, Australia = 06] [Phone = 2492930, Fax = 2490747]
: Marian CATHOLIC high school, outside of chicago:
: 
: 666 south ASHLAND avenue.
: 
Actually, Satanism is technically inverted Catholicism.

Well, we got some responses and are doing some interviews with interesting
responders. However, just in case the other posting was overlooked by an
incredibly talented person ... Mea Culpa for posting this here for Mike,
but we're looking for someone special:

   Tandem Computers is currently looking for a software wizard to help
 us architect & implement a fault-tolerant generalized instrumentation
 subsystem as part of our proprietary operating system kernel (TNS
 Kernel). The TNS Kernel is a proprietary, loosely-coupled parallel,
 message-based operating system. The TNS Kernel has wide connectivity
 to open standards.
   In this key individual contributor role, you will work with other
 developers working on various components of the Transaction Management
 Facility.
   Your background needs to encompass some of the following 4 categories
 (3 of 4 would be excellent):
   Category 1. Math: Working knowledge of statistics, real analysis, as
 used in experimental physics or chemistry, or in engineering.
   Category 2. Working knowledge of telemetry issues-- i.e. time series,
 autocorrelation, and statistical correlation of data streams.
   Category 3. Integration & Test -- Instrumentation of systems under test,
 i.e. payloads, flight modules, etc.
   Category 4: Software Engineering: programming skills, algorithms, and
 systems software techniques.



I once thought it would be easiest fitting a sine to the times. But not.
This gave  discrepancy of upto six minutes. If you fit a sine series
you'll get a very good fit after just three or four terms though. This
presumably has to do with the eccentricity of the Earths orbit.

Hi,
has anyone more info about the XGA-2 chipset?
HW-funcs, TrueColor, Resolutions,...
Any boards with XGA-2 out yet?

thanks
Rainer

-- 
Rainer Leberle	                           rleberle@sparc2.cstp.umkc.edu
University of Kansas City, MO  
TEXT 45

                        trai-gunya-visaya veda
                        nistrai-gunyo bhavarjuna
                     nirdvandvo nitya-sattva-stho
                          niryoga-ksema atmavan
  
trai-gunya--pertaining to the three modes of material nature;
visayah--on the subject matter; vedah--Vedic literatures;
nistrai-gunyah--transcendental to the three modes of material nature;
bhava--be; arjuna--O Arjuna; nirdvandvah--without duality;
nitya-sattva-sthah--in a pure state of spiritual existence;
niryoga-ksemah--free from ideas of gain and protection;
atma-van--established in the self.
    
                              TRANSLATION

 The Vedas deal mainly with the subject of the three modes of material
nature. O Arjuna, become transcendental to these three modes. Be free
from all dualities and from all anxieties for gain and safety, and be
established in the self.
  
                                PURPORT

 All material activities involve actions and reactions in the three
modes of material nature. They are meant for fruitive results, which
cause bondage in the material world. The Vedas deal mostly with fruitive
activities to gradually elevate the general public from the field of
sense gratification to a position on the transcendental plane. Arjuna,
as a student and friend of Lord Krsna, is advised to raise himself to
the transcendental position of Vedanta philosophy where, in the
beginning, there is brahma-jijnasa, or questions on the supreme
transcendence. All the living entities who are in the material world are
struggling very hard for existence. For them the Lord, after creation of
the material world, gave the Vedic wisdom advising how to live and get
rid of the material entanglement. When the activities for sense
gratification, namely the karma-kanda chapter, are finished, then the
chance for spiritual realization is offered in the form of the
Upanisads, which are part of different Vedas, as the Bhagavad-gita is a
part of the fifth Veda, namely the Mahabharata. The Upanisads mark the
beginning of transcendental life.

 As long as the material body exists, there are actions and reactions in
the material modes. One has to learn tolerance in the face of dualities
such as happiness and distress, or cold and warmth, and by tolerating
such dualities become free from anxieties regarding gain and loss. This
transcendental position is achieved in full Krsna consciousness when one
is fully dependent on the good will of Krsna.

Bhagavad-Gita As It is
Books of A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami


       ---------------------------------------------------------
      |                Don't forget to chant:                   |
      |                                                         |
      |  Hare Krishna Hare Krishna, Krishna Krishna Hare Hare   |
      |       Hare Rama Hare Rama, Rama Rama Hare Hare          |
      |                                                         |
      |    Kalki's Infoline BBS Aiken, South Carolina, USA      |
      |          (system@kalki33.lakes.trenton.sc.us)           |


First of all, "ceremonial law" is an extraScriptural term.  It is sometimes
used as a framework to view Scripture.  But if you look at Collosions,
without going into it with the assumption that the Sabbath cannot be 
a ceremonial law, you will see that it does refer to the sabbath.

against us to His cross, and therefore we should not be judged in what
what food we eat, what we drink, the keeping of new moons and holy days,
or the keeping of the sabbath.

The word for sabbath in this verse is "sabbaton" and is used throughout the
New Testament to refer to the 7th day.  If there is any Scripture from
which we get the idea of the ceremonial law, this is one of them, and the
sabbath is listed among the ceremonial laws.

If one goes into this with the fundamental assumption "the sabbath cannot
be a ceremonial law" then he will have to find some way around it, like
saying that this can only refer to the other sabbath holy days besides the
7tH day, Because "the sabbath cannot be a ceremonial law."  But
Paul is very careful in his letters to add some kind of parenthetcal 
statement if there is anything that can be seen as a liscence to sin
in his writings.

Also, why is the sabbath absent from the epistles (except for Hebrews 4, which
talks about the rest that comes through faith?)  Surely it would have
been a big problem for first century Christians living in a society
that did not rest on the 7th day.  Especially slaves. Many new converst were
slaves.  It would have been difficult for slaves to rest on the sabbath
if it had been mandatory.  Why is there no mention of this in the epistles?



Christian  Slater, only gota  cameo on ST6,  

and besides.

Maybe she can't act:-)
This article was probably generated by a buggy news reader.



They are 3D object files for CAD 3D 2.0, a program written by Tom Hudson
for the Atari ST computers.  Don't know much more about them except that
they are stored with the points first, then the surfaces are next, and are
made by listing 3 point numbers that make up the triangle surface. Then
there's a header that describes coloring, lighting, etc.  Don't know much
more than this, hope this helps.




There is a library of map projections in:

    charon.er.usgs.gov

in

You might visit some congregations of Christians, who happen to be homosexuals,
that are spirit-filled believers, not MCC'rs; before you go lumping us all
together with Troy Perry.  

The Lord IS working in our community (the homosexual community, that is).  He's
not asking us to change our sexual nature, but He is calling us to practice
the morality that He established from the beginning.

Isn't Satan having a hayday pitting Christian against Christian over any issue
he can, especially homosexuality.  Let's reach the homosexuals for Christ. 
Let's not try to change them, just need to bring them to Christ.  If He
doesn't want them to be gay, He can change that.  If they are living a moral
life, committed to someone of the same sex, and God is moving in their lives,
who are we to tell them they have to change?

That's my two cent.
I addressed most of the key issues in this very long (284 lines) post
by Dean Kaflowitz in two posts yesterday.  The first was made into the
title post of a new thread, "Is Dean Kaflowitz terminally irony-impaired?"
and the second, more serious one appeared along the thread

"A Chaney Post, and a Challenge, reissued and revised"

both only in talk.abortion, but I am posting its contents into
talk.religion.misc as soon as I exit here.

This should be enough for us to thrash out for the next week or so.  The
second post really grapples with the main bones of contention between us.
The first is more lighthearted and tells about such things as 
KaflowitzDebatingPoints [tm], which he continues to rack up on both
talk.abortion and talk.religion.misc, while setting follow-ups to 
talk.abortion alone.  His lame excuse for the latter policy is that
he gets a prompt as to where to set follow-ups, and does not follow
talk.religion.misc much; this suggests that he is being hypocritical in not
also setting his Newsgroups line to talk.abortion alone.



That happens to be a subjective example that the people of the
US would happen to agree on.  Continue to move the price up; 
at some point a few people would accept then more then more until 
probably all would accept at a high enough number.

Endpoints of a subjective scale are not the given homes of 
objective viewpoints.

: Can anyone tell me where to find a MPEG viewer (either DOS or
: Windows).

: Thanks in advance.

: -- 
: Alan M. Jackson      Mail : ajackson@cch.cov.ac.uk

:      Liverpool Football Club - Simply The Best
:               "You'll Never Walk Alone"

You can find a Windows MPEG viewer at wuarchive.wustl.edu in the
mirrors/msdos/windows3 directory.

-- 

#I use xwd/xpr (from the X11R5 dist.) and various programs of the
#ppm-tools to print hardcopies of colored X windows. My problem is,

I don't like xpr. It gives (at least, the X11R4 version does) louzy
output: the hardcopy looks very grainy to me.
Instead, I use pnmtops. This takes full advantage PostScript, and
lets the printer do the dirty job of dithering a (graylevel)
image to black and white dots.

So: if you have a PostScript printer, try:
	xwdtopnm <xwdfile> |	# convert to PPM
	[ppmtopgm |]		# .. to graylevel for smaller file to print
	pnmtops -noturn |	# .. to PostScript
	lpr			# print

pnmtops Has several neat options, but use them with care:
If you want your image to be 4" wide, use:
	pnmtops -noturn -scale 100 -width 4
-noturn Prevents the image from being rotated (if it is wider than it
	is high)
-width 4 Specifies the PAPER width (not the image width - see below)
-scale 100 Is used because if the image is small, it may fit within a
	width less than 4", and will thus be printed smaller than 4" wide.
	If you first scale it up a lot, it will certainly not fit in 4", and
	will be scaled down by pnmtops automatically to fit the specified
	paper width. 
	In short: pnmtops will scale an image down to fit the paper size,
	but it will not blow it up automatically.

Hope this helps.
Marcel.

That's a typical claim, though they say they've improved
compression speed considerably.  Did you find out anything else
about the book?  I'd be interested in looking at it if you could give me
any pointers.

Reportedly, early fractal compression times of 24-100 hours used
that marvelous piece of hardware called "grad students" to do the
work.  Supposedly it's been automated since about 1988, but I'm still
waiting to be impressed.
Kent:

     You say that

                      ^^^^^^^^^
                        Please don't!  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

     Name just three *really* competing Rosicrucian Orders. I have
probably spent more time than you doing the same. 

     None of them are spin-offs from O.T.O. The opposite may be the
case. 

Study Harder,

Why would it have to be much faster (it probably is) ? Assuming an ARM
is about as efficient as a MIPS R3000 for integer calculations, doing
a Compact-Video-like digital video codec is an easy task. For Software
Motion Pictures (which is a lot like Compact Video, though it predates
it), we get 48 frames/sec. at 320x240 on a DECstation 5000/200. That
machine has a 25 Mhz MIPS R3000. 

		Burkhard Neidecker-Lutz
Regarding the moral question Jen (jenk@microsoft.com) asked: "Is it
okay to create a child if you aren't able to be a good parent?", I
am reminded of a "speech" by one of the characters (I can't remember
which) in the movie "Parenthood". [I am WAY to liberal with my
quotation marks tonight...]

In this so-called (by me) speech, the character is expressing what 
a lousy father he had and he made an interesting point.  He said
something to the effect of:
"You have to have a license to drive a car.  You have to have a
license to own a dog.  You even have to have a license to fish.
But, they'll anyone have a kid." [Keep in mind that I am, in NO
way, trying to pass this off as a quote.  It is probably GROSSLY
distorted but I think you get the point...]
We are interested in purchasing a grayscale printer that offers a good
resoltuion for grayscale medical images.  Can anybody give me some
recommendations on these products in the market, in particular, those
under $5000?
Last I had heard because of budget and such the Air Farce is the only "Space
Command" left.. The rest missions were generally given to the Air Farce..

Probably a good reason for me to transfer from the Army Guard to the Air
Guard..

I hate walking with a pack on my back, and how do you put on your application
for a job as a kitchen worker, that you have done a lot of KP (Kitchen
Police)..


I would like to add my support for a misc.taoism discussion group.
I applaud the enthusiam shown by the person posting <79899@cup.portal.com> 
"Thyagi@cup.portal.com" (I read in alt.magick), but I differ
with him/her in believing that at least some minimal parameters 
should be agreed upon.



But if we don't limit it to *something*, the discussion degenerates into
a big amorphous glob. 

Other questions Thyagi proposes are:


It seems to me that these questions more properly fall into the
category of "general metaphysics". I would prefer any misc.taoism
to deal more closely with topics and works more closely associated
with at least "semi-orthodox" Taoism: with established classic works 
definitely included and works like Mantak Chia's argued about! 

I think "neo-Taoism" should be excluded or get its own group (what I
mean by this is "Humpty-Dumpty Taoism", in which Taoism means whatever 
a poster says it means.) This "alt.taoism" could also be a refuge 
for debates about what "Taoism *REALLY* means" or speculations on sexual
alchemy, etc..

e.g. (from Thyagi again):

Kent gloomily predicts (quoting from Thyagi's article):


I think that discussions of this nature are not completely out of
place. What's happening is that that the term "Taoism" is becoming
completely polluted and trivialized like the words "magic", "Alchemy", 
"Zen," etc., by writers appropriating the word to mean whatever they 
want. This is seen by the spate of new age books entitled "The
Tao of" this, that, and everything else. (With respect to some exceptions
like the books by Jou, Tsung-Hwa.)

Any other comments/ideas? I look forward to seeing them. On balance,
I say let misc.taoism rip and let the chips fall where they may. If
it just gets filled up with college freshmen asking about the
Tao of Sex then it will have been a failure and people will post to
these groups just as they do now.

-- 
: >Based on the amount of E-Mail from fellow Christians who have read the
: >posts and told me I was wasting my time with Butler and Joslin, I told
: >them I wasn't doing it for DB or  DJ but for other Christians.  They
: >have told me that DB's and DJ's arguments won't convince most Bible
: >studying Christians.  So I have reevaluated my purpose here and it's
: >also contributed to my decision.

: So most Bible-studying Christians won't be convinced by my arguments? 
: And this is supposed to be a Good Thing, I presume?

Where does this "Most Bible studying Christians think as Frank
does" come from.  And what implied "good" are you doing for other
Christians?

At least some of what you are teaching has been demonstrated as
wrong.  Has it ever occured to you that you may be doing more harm
than good to your fellow Christians?

BTW, I used to think like Frank does.  I went to a fundamentalist
church for a while.  I didn't start to really think about what
they were saying until I noticed a "God's Science" phamphlet
there.  I read it and noticed that the authors of it knew virtually
nothing about Science.  I asked church members some questions about
"theories" from the phamphlet and got only deceptive answers.  I
began to notice a very similar style of "answers" for theological
questions as well.  The only conclusion I could reach was that
these peoples' beliefs about the Bible were about as valid as
their beliefs in their God's Science phamphlet.

: If there are still people out there who think that my purpose here
: is to "attack the Bible," (an accusation Frank once made) I would point
: out that I have also criticized people who have posted "bible
: contradictions" that turn out to be silly, out of context, or easily
: (and legitimately) reconciled.  I'm not attacking the Bible, but 
: intellectual dishonesty *about* the Bible, from either side.

If one of the primary purposes of Christians is to seek out truth,
how can people condemn you for doing this?

Using the VMODE command, all you need to do is type VMODE VESA at the dos
prompt. VMODE is included with the Speedstar 24.  I have used the VESA mode
for autodesk animator pro.

: 8~> I require BGI drivers for Super VGA Displays and Super XVGA Displays. Does 
: 8~> anyone know where I could obtain the relevant drivers ? (FTP sites ??)

: 	I would like to know too!

: Regards,
: Dominic

garbo.uwasa.fi (or one of its many mirrors) has a file
called "svgabg40" in the programming subdirectory.
These are svga bgi drivers for a variety of cards.

[from the README]:
"Card types supported: (SuperVGA drivers)
  Ahead, ATI, Chips & Tech, Everex, Genoa, Paradise, Oak, Trident (both 8800 
  and 8900, 9000), Tseng (both 3000 and 4000 chipsets) and Video7.
  These drivers will also work on video cards with VESA capability.
  The tweaked drivers will work on any register-compatible VGA card."

enjoy,
Clark Verbrugge
clump@cs.mcgill.ca

--
[constitution sacrificed to the bandwidth gods]

im glad i finally have heard exactly what the OTO is all about.  i finally
know that i can stop looking, content i the knowlege that im not interested.
it's tough enough listening to all the religions who refer to themselves as
"the One Truth".  How can i possibly accept it from a magical order?  "We have
all the Answers and will give them to those who join us (and pay dues)?"
Scary.  Besides, answers are easy.  Questions!  now that's another story...

rintaw



perhaps you can quote just a bit of her argument?

One consideration to remember is that if you don't turn it off now,
you may not be able to later.  This isn't a case of reaching over and
flipping a switch; much of the spacecraft has to be working correctly
to execute a "turn off" command successfully.  Spacecraft do malfunction
in their old age.  The big concern is not radio clutter from idle
spacecraft, but radio clutter from malfunctioning spacecraft that can
no longer be turned off.

Why didn't you create 8 grey-level images, and display them for
1,2,4,8,16,32,64,128... time slices?

This requires the same total exposure time, and the same precision in
timing, but drastically reduces the image-preparation time, no?







What about the ELSA WINNER4000 (S3 928, Bt485, 4MB, EISA), or the
Metheus Premier-4VL (S3 928, Bt485, 4MB, ISA/VL) ?


As it just happens, SGCS has a Xserver (X386 1.4) that does
1024x768x24 on those cards. Please email to info@sgcs.com for more
details.

- Thomas
--

Not to be too snide about it, but I think this Christianity must
   be a very convenient religion, very maliable and suitable for
   any occassion since it seems one can take it any way one wants
   to go with it and follow whichever bits one pleases and
   reinterpret the bits that don't match with one's desires.  It
   is, in fact, so convenient that, were I capable of believing
   in a god, I might consider going for some brand of Christianity.
   The only difficulty left then, of course, is picking which sect
   to join.  There are just so many.
    
   Dean Kaflowitz

Yes, Christianity is convenient.  Following the teachings of Jesus
Christ and the Ten Commandments is convenient.  Trying to love in a
hateful world is convenient.  Turning the other cheek is convenient.  So
convenient that it is burdensome at times.

Dave.
 
Hooray ! I always suspected that I was human too :-)  It is the desire to be like
Christ that often causes christians to be very critical of themselves and other
christians. We are supposed to grow, mature, endeavour to be Christ-like but we
are far far far from perfect. Build up the body of Christ, don't tear it down,
and that includes yourself. Jesus loves me just the way I am today, tomorrow and
always (thank God ! :-).
Hi,

I don't know much about Bible. Could you tell me the relations of
Christians with non-Christians in Bible? How should be The relations of
christian nations with each other and the relations of Christian nations
with other nations who are not Christians?

The other question is about the concept of religion in Bible. Does the
religion of God include and necessitate any law to be extracted from
Bible or is the religion only a belief and nothing to do with the
government sides? If for example, any government or a nation is one of
the wrongdoings according to Bible, how should they be treated? 

Is there any statement in Bible saying that Bible is a guide for every
aspects of life?  

Thank you.

 
First of all, the original poster misquoted.  The reference is from 2 Tim 3:16.
The author was Paul, and his revelations were anything but "(at best) 
second-hand".

	"And is came about that as [Saul] journeyed, he was approaching
	 Damascus, and suddenly a light from heaven flashed around him; and
	 he fell to the ground, and heard a voice saying to him, "Saul, Saul,
	 why are you persecuting Me?"  And he said, "Who art Thou, Lord?"  And
	 He said, "I am Jesus whom you are persecuting, . . ."
		(Acts 9:3-5, NAS)

Paul received revelation directly from the risen Jesus!  (Pretty cool, eh?)  He
became closely involved with the early church, the leaders of which were 
followers of Jesus throughout his ministry on earth.


I agree.  I don't believe anyone but the Spirit would be able to convince you 
the Spirit exists.  Please don't complain about this being circular.  I know
it is, but really, can anything of the natural world explain the supernatural?
(This is why revelation is necessary to the authors of the Bible.)


The Spirit is part of God.  How much closer to the source can you get?
The Greek in 2 Timothy which is sometimes translated as "inspired by God", 
literally means "God-breathed".  In other words, God spoke the actual words 
into the scriptures.  Many theologians and Bible scholars (Dr. James Boice is 
one that I can remember off-hand) get quite annoyed by the dryness and 
incompleteness of "inspired by God".


That's what the verse taken from 2 Timothy was all about.  The continuity of a 
book written over a span of 1500 years by more than 40 authors from all walks 
of life is a testimony to the single authorship of God.



What source to you claim to have discovered which has information of superior
historicity to the Bible?  Certainly not Josephus' writings, or the writings 
of the Gnostics which were third century, at the earliest.


Jesus was fully God as well.  That's why I'd assert that he is wise.


Please rethink this last paragraph.  If there is no God, which seems to be your
current belief, then Jesus was either a liar or a complete nut because not
only did he assert that God exists, but he claimed to be God himself!  (regards
to C.S. Lewis)  How then could you have the least bit of respect for Jesus?
	In conclusion, be careful about logically unfounded hypotheses based
on gut feelings about the text and other scholars' unsubstantiated claims.  
The Bible pleads that we take it in its entirety or throw the whole book out.
	About your reading of the Bible, not only does the Spirit inspire the
writers, but he guides the reader as well.  We cannot understand it in the 
least without the Spirit's guidance:

	"For to us God revealed them through the Spirit; for the Spirit 
	searches all things, even the depths of God."  (1 Cor 2:10, NAS)
 
Peace and may God guide us in wisdom.

+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=
Carter C. Page           | Of happiness the crown and chiefest part is wisdom,
A Carpenter's Apprentice | and to hold God in awe.  This is the law that,
cpage@seas.upenn.edu     | seeing the stricken heart of pride brought down,
                         | we learn when we are old.  -Adapted from Sophocles
+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=-+-=+-=-+-=+-=-+=-+-=-+-=-+=-+-=

See:
   Maureen Stone and Tony DeRose,
   "A Geometric Characterization of Parametric Cubic Curves",
   ACM TOG, vol 8, no 3, July 1989, pp. 147-163.
_______________________________________________________________________

...Ron Capelli                 IBM Corp.  Dept. C13,  MS. P230
   capelli@vnet.ibm.com        PO Box 950
   (914) 435-1673              Poughkeepsie, NY  12602
_______________________________________________________________________


Maybe I should point out that we are not talking about c.s.amiga.*.
Only comp.graphics.
Quoth the Moderator:


In a short poem ("God in His mercy made / the fixed pains of Hell"),
C. S. Lewis expresses an idea that I'm sure was current among others,
but I haven't be able to find its source:

that even Hell is an expression of mercy, because God limits the amount
of separation from Him, and hence the amount of agony, that one can
achieve.

Does anyone know of a good way (standard PC application/PD utility) to
convert tif/img/tga files into LaserJet III format.  We would also like to
do the same, converting to HPGL (HP plotter) files.

Please email any response.

Is this the correct group?

Thanks in advance.  Michael.

To compute this, and many other astronomical things, go and get (x)ephem written
by Elwood C. Downey. It is e.g. on export.lcs.mit.edu
==============================================================================
Bear with me i'm new at this game, but could anyone explain exactly what DMORF
does, does it simply fade one bitmap into another or does it re shape one bitma
p into another. Please excuse my ignorance, i' not even sure if i've posted thi
s message correctly.



Homosexual Christians have indeed "checked out" these verses.  Some of
them are used against us only through incredibly perverse interpretations.
Others simply do not address the issues.

You would seem to be more in need of a careful and Spirit-led course
in exegesis than most of the gay Christians I know.  I suggest that
you stop "proof-texting" about things you know nothing about.
A listmember (D Andrew Killie, I think) wrote, in response to the
suggestion that genocide may sometimes be the will of God:

 > Any God who works that way is indescribably evil,
 > and unworthy of my worship or faith.

Nobuya "Higgy" Higashiyama replied (as, in substance, did others):

 > Where is your source of moral standards by which you judge God's
 > behavior?

It is often argued that we have no standing by which to judge God's
actions.  Who is the clay to talk back to the potter? But we find a
contrary view in Scripture. When God proposes to destroy the city of

 + Suppose that there are some good men in the city.
 + Will you destroy the righteous along with the wicked?
 + Far be it from you, Lord, to do such a thing!
 + Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?

I am told that the Hebrew is actually a bit stronger than this, and
can perhaps be better rendered (dynamic equivalence) as

 + Shame on you, Lord, if you do such a thing!

There are those who say that the definition of "good" is "whatever
God happens to want." But if that is so, then the statement that God
is good has no meaning.  It simply says that God does what He wants.
That being the case, no one can either love or obey God because He
is good. The only motive left for obeying Him is that He is
powerful. Just as it makes sense to obey a dictator, even when he
tells you to round up all Jews and exterminate them, because if you
defy him you might end up in the gas chamber yourself, so it makes
sense to obey God, because He has the power to punish you if you
don't. This ethical theory I take to be in radical contradiction to
Genesis 18 and to Christianity in general.

Any theory that makes our moral judgements worthless makes any
further discussion of morality (or of the goodness of God)
meaningless. However, it does not follow that our moral judgements
are always infallible in particular cases, still less our judgements
in particular cases about the course of action most likely to
achieve a good result.

When I read the Scriptural accounts of the actions of God in
history, those actions often seem to me very different from what I
might expect of a God who loves us and desires what is best for us.
Moreover, leaving the Scriptures aside, and considering the natural
world, I find that Nature is often very different from what I might
"Those who believe that the Author of Nature is also the Author of
the Scriptures must expect to find in the Scriptures the same sort
of difficulties that they find in Nature.")

Now, that some such difficulties should exist is not in itself an
argument against the existence, power, wisdom, and goodness of God.
On the contrary, their ABSENCE would be such an argument. Suppose
that I am watching Bobby Fisher play chess, and suppose that every
time he makes a move, I find myself nodding and saying: "Good move!
Just what I was expecting him to do.  Same move I would have made if
I were playing." That would be a sign that Fisher is no better a
chess player than myself. Given that he is better, I expect that at
least some of his moves will have me thinking, "Now, what do suppose
induced him to do that?" or even, "Boy, that was a real slip -- he's
just thrown the game away!" Similarly, if God understands the
workings of the universe better than I do, it is to be expected that
sometimes it will look to me as if He has made a mistake.

One difference between Fisher at the chessboard and God at the
controls of the universe is that I can see the end of the chess
game. If Fisher wins, I revise my earlier inference that it was
carelessness that made him lose his queen 23 moves earlier.
However, if he loses, and particularly if I can see that there was a
time when he had an opportunity for a checkmate in two moves and did
not take it, then I know that he is not as good a player as I had
thought.

With God, on the other hand, I shall not in this life see the total
result of some of His actions. Therefore, my grounds for judging
that I have seen a bad move on His part must always be far shakier
than my grounds for making a similar judgement about Fisher.

     *****     *****     *****     *****     *****

In the book of Genesis, we read that Joseph's ten older brothers,
who (with good reason) found  him insufferable, conspired to sell
him into slavery in Egypt. There he eventually became Viceroy, and
when there was a famine in Canaan, he was able to provide for his
family. When his brothers nervously apologized, he told them: "Do
not worry. You meant to do me evil, but God turned it into good."


        The history of the Jews is largely a history of events
   that look like catastrophes that threaten the continued
   survival of the religion, or the people, or both. But,
   amazingly, those events turn out to be the saving of the Jews
   and of Judaism.
        The sale of Joseph by his brothers looked like the breakup
   of the family.  But in fact, it ended with a reconciliation of
   the quarrel between them. The famine that drove the family out
   of Canaan looked like a misfortune for them.  But in fact, if
   they had stayed in Canaan, they would almost certainly have
   intermarried with the Canaanites and been assimilated into
   their culture.  Their oppression by the Egyptians a few
   generations after their arrival in Egypt again looked like a
   disaster. But God used it to bring them out of Egypt, and into
   the Promised Land.
        Here the people built a Temple, and regularly offered
   sacrifices. But the Babylonians captured Jerusalem and Judea,
   destroyed Temple and city and countryside, and deported most of
   the people to Babylon. You might have thought that that would
   be the end of the people and the religion. But it was not.
   Living in Canaan, the people had been under constant danger of
   assimilation.  Again and again, they had turned from the
   worship of the LORD to the worship of the Canaanite fertility
   cults, with their ritual prostitution and ritual human
   sacrifice. The Babylonian captivity put a stop to that. Never
   again did the Jews show any interest in polytheism or idolatry.
   Neither the worship of the Canaanites mor that of the
   Babylonians ever again had a foothold among them.
        Nor is that all. Judaism had been in danger of becoming
   simply a system of sacrifices and Temple observances. The only
   prescribed acts of worship consisted of coming to Jerusalem
   every so often and offering a sacrifice. During the Captivity,
   with the Temple gone, the Jews invented the synagogue, a place
   of meeting for reading and study and discussion of the
   Scriptures. They came to realize clearly, what they were in
   danger of forgetting while they continued to live in Judea,
   that God is not simply a local or tribal deity, not just the
   controller of the land of Canaan, or the patron of the Jewish
   people, but the Creator of the world, and the Ruler and Judge
   of all humans everywhere.
        Time passed, and the Babylonian Empire was replaced by
   that of the Persians, and then that of the Greeks, or rather
   the Macedonians. The ruler, Antiochus Epiphanes, was determined
   to stamp out Judaism, and to this end he made the reading and
   the study of the Torah punishable by death. Again, one might
   think that this would be the end of Judaism. But it was not.
   The people met for worship, and instead of reading the Torah
   portion appointed for the day, they would read some passage
   from the prophets that had a similar theme, and then discuss
   that.  Before this time, the Torah, the so-called Five Books of
   Moses (Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy)
   were the only books read and studied in the synagogue.  If it
   had not been for Antiochus, the books of the prophets would
   probably have been forgotten altogether. His hatred for Judaism
   saved them.

        [Other examples here omitted for brevity's sake.]

        Some of you may remember that Julie Andrews first became
   famous as Eliza Doolittle in the stage production of MY FAIR
   LADY. When Warner Brothers undertook to make a movie of it,
   everyone expected that Julie, who had been so magnificent on
   stage, would play the same role in the movie. Instead, the
   studio decided to go with an established screen star, and cast
   Audrey Hepburn.  Julie Andrews was naturally crushed. But she
   later realized that if she had played the screen role, she
   would have been type-cast for life as an Elize Doolittle type.
   It would have been a disaster for her. As it was, Walt Disney
   offered her the role of Mary Poppins, and she won an Oscar for
   it.  At the presentation, she stood there, smiling, and looking
   at Walt Disney, she said, "And now, my special thanks to the
   man who made all this possible -- JACK WARNER!" It was the most
   memorable line of the evening.
        In a similar spirit, we Jews might thank the men who in
   the providence of God have preserved Judaism, and kept it alive
   to this day, beginning with Joseph's brothers, and continuing
   with two Pharaohs, with Nebuchadnezzar, with Antiochus
   Epiphanes....

After the formal meeting had broken up, one woman came up to him
privately and said, "You were talking about the Holocaust, weren't
you?" He answered, "If that is an example that came to your mind,
then you are right, I was talking about it to you. But I would not
talk about it to everyone, for not everyone can bear it." I assume
that he meant that, without the Holocaust, there would have been no
state of Israel.

Someone hearing the rabbi's lecture might leap to the conclusion
that God is dependent on the wickedness of men to accomplish His
purposes -- or at least that the rabbi thought so. He might then  go
on to suppose that the wickedness is in fact God's doing -- that He
stirred up Joseph's brothers to a murderous hate against him, and
that when the Israelites were in Egypt, God hardened Pharaoh's
heart, so that he oppressed the people, and would not let them go.
And this raises questions about how an action can be considered
wicked and at the same time be considered something that God has
brought about.

I suggest another way of looking at it. Consider a sculptor who has
a log of wood from which he proposes to carve a statue. But the log,
instead of having a smooth even grain throughout, has a large knot
that spoils the appearance of the surface. The sculptor considers
the wood for a while, and then carves a statue that features the
knot, that makes that particular interruption in the grain and color
of the wood correspond to some feature of the statue, so that
observers will say: "How fortunate the sculptor was in finding a
piece of wood with a knot like that in just the right place. Its
presence is the crowning touch, the thing that makes the statue a
great work of art." In reality, the knot, far from being what the sculptor was
looking for, was a challenge to his skill. If the wood had not
contained that flaw, he would still have made a great work of art,
but a different one. So, if Joseph's brothers had not sold him, God
would still have brought about His purposes for the Jewish people,
but He would have done so in another manner. If Judas had not
betrayed Jesus, if Caiaphas and his fellow leaders had not rejected
Jesus, but had rather acknowledged Him as the Annointed of God, if
Pilate had followed his conscience rather than his fears and had set
Jesus free, it might appear that there would have been no
Crucifixion, and therefore no Redemption, and therefore no
Salvation. Not so. God did not need Judas' sin to redeem us. If
Judas had done right, then God in Christ would still have reconciled
the world to Himself.  We do not know how, just as we do not know
how Michelangelo would have painted the Sistine Chapel if its
interior had instead been shaped like Grand Central Station, and
just as we do not know how Bobby Fisher would have won his fourth
game agianst Spassky if Spassky had refused the exchange of bishops
and had attacked Fisher's knight instead (don't bother to look up
the game in question--I am making up this example, but the point is
none the less valid).

Thus, we may say both (1) that God used, say, the cowardice of
Pilate to accomplish His purposes, and (2) that the said cowardice
was not God's doing, and that Pilate would not have thwarted God's
plans by behaving justly and courageously.

What, then, are we to make of the place where God says to Moses, "I
will harden Pharaoh's heart, so that he will not let the people go"?
Some Christians have taken this to mean that Pharaoh was a puppet
with God pulling the strings, and that his stubbornness and cruelty
were not his own work, but the work of God in him. I suppose rather
that what God was telling Moses was something like this: "If you see
that Pharaoh is not willing to let the people go, do not be
discouraged, or suppose that the situation is out of my control. My
purposes will not be thwarted. If Pharaoh chooses to hear you and
let the people go, well and good. If he does not, I will fit his
resistance into my plans, and fit it so perfectly that future
historians and theologians will suppose that I would have been
thrown for a loss if Pharaoh had obeyed me."

To return to the question that started this all off. Is it possible
that the Serbs, in slaughtering the Moslems of Bosnia, are
instruments of God's will?
     First point. What they are doing is wrong, just as what
Joseph's brothers did was wrong, just as what Judas did was wrong.
They intend it for evil. If God somehow brings good out of it, that
does not make them any less subject to just condemnation and
punishment.
     Second point. Of course, God will bring good out of it. But not
the same good that He would have brought if the Serbians had
refrained from the sins of robbery and rape and murder. Nor does the
good He purposes excuse us from the duty of doing what is right.
Can someone cite Biblical references to homosexuality being immoral, other
than Leviticus? So far, when I ask, around here, I get the verses from
Leviticus spouted at me, but the whole rest of that book tends to be
ignored by Christians (haven't seen any stonings in a _long_ time :-).

Later,
Max (Bob) Muir

[The list was posted not long ago, as I recall, aside from Lev, commonly
cited passages are:

the story of Sodom.  Note however that this was a homosexual rape, and
there's no disagreement that that is wrong.  I take an intermediate
position on this: note that Sodom is referred to elsewhere in the
Bible for its sinfulness.  It doesn't seem to have been known
specifically for homosexuality.  Rather, I think it was considered a
cesspool of all sins. However from what we know of Jewish attitudes,
homosexuality would have contributed to the horror of the action
described.  (It almost seems to have been contrived to combine about
as many forms of evil in one act as possible: homosexual rape of
guests, who were actually angels.)  But this story is not specifically
about homosexuality.

In the NT, the clear references are all from Paul's letters.  In Rom
1, there is a passage that presupposes that homosexuality is an evil.
Note that the passage isn't about homosexuality -- it's about
idolatry.  Homosexuality is visited on people as a punishment, or at
least result, of idolatry.  There are a number of arguments over this
passage.  It does not use the word "homosexuality", and it is referring
to people who are by nature heterosexual practicing homosexuality.
So it's not what I'd call an explicit teaching against all homosexuality.
But it does seem to support what would be a natural assumption anyway,
that Paul shares the general negative Jewish attitude towards 
homosexuality.

The other passages occur in lists of sins, in I Cor 6:9, and I Tim
1:10.  Unfortunately it's not entirely clear what the words used here
mean.  There have been suggestions that one has a broader meaning,
such as "wanton", and that another may be specifically "male
prostitute".  Again, we don't have here a precise teaching about
homosexuality, but it is at least weak supportive evidence that Paul
shared the OT's negative judgement on homosexuality.

Jude 1:7 is sometimes cited, however it's probably not relevant.  The
context in Jude involves angels.  Since those who were almost raped in
Sodom were angels, it seems likely that "strange flesh" refers to
intercourse with angels.

As you can see, the NT evidence is such that people's conclusion is
determined by their approach to the Bible.  Conservatives note that
the passages from Paul's letters imply that he accepted the OT
prohibition.  This is enough for them to regard it as having NT
endorsement.  Liberals note that there's no specific teaching, and no
clear definition of what is being prohibited or why (is the concern in
Rom 1 the connection of homosexuality to pagan worship?  what exactly
do the words in the lists of sins mean?).  Thus some believe it is
legitimate to regard this as a attitude Paul took with him from his
background and not a specific teaching of the Gospel.

This is an explosive topic, which tends to result in long
dissertations on the exact meaning of various Greek words.  But it's
clear to me that that's mostly irrelevant.  What it really comes down
to is whether people are looking to the Bible for law or whether they
believe that such as approach is inconsistent with the Gospel.  This
appears to depend upon one's reaction to the message of the Bible as a
whole, as well as one's perception of the needs of the church today.
This is a difference of approach at least as serious as the difference
between Protestant and Catholic in the 16th Cent, and one where both
sides believe that the Bible is so obviously on their side that they
keep thinking all they have to do is quote a few more passages and the
other side will finally come to their senses.  That makes things
very frustrating for a moderator, who realizes that such an optimistic
outcome is not very likely...

This was known as *Journey to the Far Side of the Sun* in the United
States and as *Doppelganger* in the U.K.  It was produced by the great
team of Gerry and Sylvia Anderson (whose science was usually a bit
better than this).  It may have been their first production using live
actors-- they were better known for their technophilic puppet shows,
such as *Supercar*, *Stingray*, and *Thunderbirds*.  Later, they went
on to do more live-action SF series: *UFO* and *Space: 1999*.

The astronomy was lousy, but the lifting-body spacecraft, VTOL
airliners, and mighty Portugese launch complex were *wonderful* to
look at.
   Other idea for old space crafts is as navigation beacons and such..
   Why not??

Because to be any use as a nav point you need to know -exactly- where
it is, which means you either nail it to something that doesn't move
or you watch it all the time.  Neither of which is possible on a
deactivated spacecraft.  Then you have to know exactly how far away
from it you are; this may or may not be possible with the hardware on
board. 

Apart from which, there is absolutely no need for navigation beacons.
:
Oh, yeah?  Well---*I* know of ....

Anyways, cannibalism is much more commmon than those who feel that it is wrong
(and then point out that the fact that western civilisation doesn't do it is
PROOF positive that we are more advanced) would have us believe.  Cannibalism
is often used in funeral ceremonies as a way of keeping the deceased loved one
alive.  Many other cultures (including many American Indian cultures) eat/ate
the flesh of slain enemies, often as a way of showing respect for the valor of
the departed.  Hearts are often favored for this, as it contains the spirit.

Have you ever read or seen "Alive", which is the story of the Argentinian boys
soccer team that crashed in the Andes and then ate the bodies of those who died
in order to survive?  Finger lickin good.  How about the Twighlight Zone
episode "To Serve Man"?

If you want more info on this, a good place to start is on sci.anthropology

Now send me $20 and eat my flesh,


Early to mid June.


If they think the public wants to see it they will carry it. Why not
write them and ask? You can reach them at:


                          F: NATIONAL NEWS MEDIA


ABC "World News Tonight"                 "Face the Nation"
7 West 66th Street                       CBS News
New York, NY 10023                       2020 M Street, NW
212/887-4040                             Washington, DC 20036
                                         202/457-4321

Associated Press                         "Good Morning America"
50 Rockefeller Plaza                     ABC News
New York, NY 10020                       1965 Broadway
National Desk (212/621-1600)             New York, NY 10023
Foreign Desk (212/621-1663)              212/496-4800
Washington Bureau (202/828-6400)
                                         Larry King Live TV
"CBS Evening News"                       CNN
524 W. 57th Street                       111 Massachusetts Avenue, NW
New York, NY 10019                       Washington, DC 20001
212/975-3693                             202/898-7900

"CBS This Morning"                       Larry King Show--Radio
524 W. 57th Street                       Mutual Broadcasting
New York, NY 10019                       1755 So. Jefferson Davis Highway
212/975-2824                             Arlington, VA 22202
                                         703/685-2175
"Christian Science Monitor"
CSM Publishing Society                   "Los Angeles Times"
One Norway Street                        Times-Mirror Square
Boston, MA 02115                         Los Angeles, CA 90053
800/225-7090                             800/528-4637

CNN                                      "MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour"
One CNN Center                           P.O. Box 2626
Box 105366                               Washington, DC 20013
Atlanta, GA 30348                        703/998-2870
404/827-1500
                                         "MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour"
CNN                                      WNET-TV
Washington Bureau                        356 W. 58th Street
111 Massachusetts Avenue, NW             New York, NY 10019
Washington, DC 20001                     212/560-3113
202/898-7900

"Crossfire"                              NBC News
CNN                                      4001 Nebraska Avenue, NW
111 Massachusetts Avenue, NW             Washington, DC 20036
Washington, DC 20001                     202/885-4200
202/898-7951                             202/362-2009 (fax)

"Morning Edition/All Things Considered"  
National Public Radio                    
2025 M Street, NW                        
Washington, DC 20036                     
202/822-2000                             

United Press International
1400 Eye Street, NW
Washington, DC 20006
202/898-8000

"New York Times"                         "U.S. News & World Report"
229 W. 43rd Street                       2400 N Street, NW
New York, NY 10036                       Washington, DC 20037
212/556-1234                             202/955-2000
212/556-7415

"New York Times"                         "USA Today"
Washington Bureau                        1000 Wilson Boulevard
1627 Eye Street, NW, 7th Floor           Arlington, VA 22229
Washington, DC 20006                     703/276-3400
202/862-0300

"Newsweek"                               "Wall Street Journal"
444 Madison Avenue                       200 Liberty Street
New York, NY 10022                       New York, NY 10281
212/350-4000                             212/416-2000

"Nightline"                              "Washington Post"
ABC News                                 1150 15th Street, NW
47 W. 66th Street                        Washington, DC 20071
New York, NY 10023                       202/344-6000
212/887-4995

"Nightline"                              "Washington Week In Review"
Ted Koppel                               WETA-TV
ABC News                                 P.O. Box 2626
1717 DeSales, NW                         Washington, DC 20013
Washington, DC 20036                     703/998-2626
202/887-7364

"This Week With David Brinkley"
ABC News
1717 DeSales, NW
Washington, DC 20036
202/887-7777

"Time" magazine
Time Warner, Inc.
Time & Life Building
Rockefeller Center
New York, NY 10020
212/522-1212

----- News saved at 23 Apr 93 22:22:40 GMT
  



Well, I'm working on it, but getting a little impatient. So far, 
I've made it through Egyptian, Chinese, and Greek cultures, and
up through the Rennaisance. But so far, these insights just don't 
seem to be gelling. Perhaps it's in an appendix somewhere.
I am looking for any information about the space program.
This includes NASA, the shuttles, history, anything!  I would like to
know if anyone could suggest books, periodicals, even ftp sites for a
novice who is interested in the space program.


Sorry for wasting your time with a probably simple question, but I'm not
an computer graphic expert. I want to read TIFF-Files with a PASCAL-program.
The problem is, that the files I want to read are in compressed form 
( code 1, e.g. Huffman ). All books & articles I found describe only the
plain (uncompressed) format. I don't know where to get the original
TIFF specification, furthermore I haven't any access to a realy complete
library. Can anybody direct me to a good book or (even better) to an 
specification available via ftp ?

Thanks in advance - Thomas Wolf




Now this is getting interesting!

I was raised Roman Catholic before becoming an atheist, so I have stated
this Creed you quote nearly every Sunday until I was about 18.  For some
reason, I always took the 'resurrection' in this statement to mean the
resurrection of the soul, but I guess resurrection does strictly mean
the raising of the physical body.  I have some questions on this point:

1.  I always thought that Christians believe the descent into hell was 
pretty much immediate, and that there are people burning in hell right
now.  You seem to be implying that it will not occur until after the
"great judgement" (which I read as meaning the proverbial Judgment Day).
I was always a little confused on this point, even when I was with the
church -- maybe someone can clear it up for me.  Where will my "soul"
(which, by the way, I don't believe in) exist until that time?

2.  Will the new body I will have be created out of the same atoms 
that my body now is made of, or will it be built from scratch?  My
physical body now is susceptible to aging, etc. -- so I guess my
new body will have to be radically different in order to be immortal
so it can be tortured for all eternity?

3.  Since I will have a physical body, I assume it will need a physical
place to exist in -- where is this hell?  In the center of the earth?
Do you think we could find it if we dig?

Mark Schnitzius
schnitzi@eola.cs.ucf.edu
Univ. of Central Florida

[There is not complete agreement on the details of the afterlife.  I
think the most common view is that final disposition does not occur
until a final judgement, which is still in the future.  In the
meantime, some believe that people "sleep" until the final
resurrection (or because God is above time, pass directly from death
to the future time when the resurrection occurs), while others believe
that souls have a disembodied, pre-resurrection existence until then.
There are probably other alternatives that I'm omitting.

The new body is generally conceived of being implemented in a
different "technology" than the current one, one which is not mortal.
(Paul talks about the mortal being raised to immortality, and Jesus'
resurrected body -- which is the first example -- clearly was not
subject to the same kind of limitations as ours.)  It is assumed that
there are enough similarities that people will recognize each other,
but I don't think most people claim to know the details.  I don't
think I'd say it's the same atoms.  I'd assume there would be some
analog of a physical place, but I wouldn't expect to find it under the
earth or up in the sky.  I'd suspect that it's in another dimension,
outside this physical world, or whatever.  But again, we have little
in the way of details.



In spite of my great respect for the people you speak of, I think their
cost estimates are a bit over-optimistic. If nothing else, a working SSTO
is at least as complex as a large airliner and has a smaller experience
base. It therefore seems that SSTO development should cost at least as
much as a typical airliner development. That puts it in the $3G to $5G
range.


True it and the contest would result in a much larger market. But I
don't think it would be enough to attract the investors given the
risks involved.

If you could gurantee the SSTO costs and gurantee that it captures
100% of the available launch market, then I think you could
do it.

  Allen


Portuguese launch complex??? Gosh.... Polish are for American in the 
same way as Portuguese are for Brazilians (I am from Brazil). There is 
a joke about the Portuguese Space Agency that wanted to send a 
Portuguese  astronaut to the surface of the Sun (if there is such a thing).
How did they solve all problems of sending a man to the surface of the 
Sun??? Simple... their astronauts travelled during the night...

 C.O.EGALON@LARC.NASA.GOV

C.O.Egalon@larc.nasa.gov
Seems that the Mile-Long Billboard and any other inflateble space
object/station or what ever have the same problems. (other than being a little
bit different than the "normal" space ideas, such as trusses and shuttles)

But also dag and such.. Why not combine the discussion of how and fesibility to
the same topic?

I personnelly liek the idea of a billboard in space. But problem. How do you
service it? fly a shuttle/DC-1 to near it and then dismount and "fly" to it?
Or what?? or havign a special docking section for shuttle/DC-1 docking?

Also what if the billboard springs a leak? Self sealing and such??


Just thinking (okay rambling)..

Also why must the now inflated billboard, not be covered in the inside by a
harder substance (such as a polymer or other agent) and then the now "hard"
billboard would be a now giant docking structure/space dock/station??

Well Henry, we are often reminded how CANADA is not a part of the United States
(yet).  You could have quite a commercial A-SAT, er sky-cleaning service going
in a few years. 

"Toronto SkySweepers:  Clear skies in 48 hours, or your money back."
	   Discount rates available for astro-researchers. 


In <Apr.10.05.30.16.1993.14313@athos.rutgers.edu>


[ . . . ]

Having lived through the kicking and screaming in the 60s and 70s as the
Catholics were invited to participate in the liturgy instead of counting
their rosary beads during Mass, I find this comment interesting.  There
is a _massively_ longer tradition for proclaiming the Passion accounts
without active participation.  If you know the Latin, one really
beautiful way to hear the Passion is it's being chanted by three
deacons:  the Narrator chants in the middle baritone range, Jesus chants
in the bass, and others directly quoted are handled by a high tenor.
This is actually the basis for the common proclamation of the Passion
that John would prefer.

But there is always a judgement call based on pastoral considerations.
Each pastor makes his own decisions (it isn't a church-wide conspiracy
against participation).  The Palm Sunday liturgy, with its initial
blessing and distribution of the palms and procession, is already
getting long before you get to the Passion; some pastors feel that they
should not make the people stand through that long narrative.  Also, the
orchestrated proclamation with multiple readers and public participation
in the crowd quotations runs longer than the single-reader proclamation
--- in churches with multiple Masses for the Sunday, it might be
necessary to go with the briefer options just to "get 'em in and get 'em
out".

Each parish is different.  Catholics are no longer canonically tied to
their geographic parishes.  It is possible that another Catholic parish
in the Columbus area (based on the Ohio State address) has a liturgy
closer to your preferences.  Or talk to some of your fellow
parishioners and see how common your preferences are --- pastors
generally ARE willing to listen to non-confrontational requests.  Though
you probably should bring along a paramedic in case he reacts too strongly
to the shock of people asked for a _longer_ Sunday Mass.

Perhaps the problem is that recent liturgical development hasn't follow
the continuous evolution model (the accumulation of small changes, no
single one of which is too hard to take) but rather the punctuated
equilibrium model (things stay the same and we get accustomed to them,
then the marked mutation hits).  {My apologies if I am mis-remembering
the names of the evolutionary theories.}

->I addressed most of the key issues in this very long (284 lines) post
->by Dean Kaflowitz in two posts yesterday.  The first was made into the
->title post of a new thread, "Is Dean Kaflowitz terminally irony-impaired?"
->and the second, more serious one appeared along the thread
->"A Chaney Post, and a Challenge, reissued and revised"


        Let us hope that the performance of the spacecraft follows the
sentiments of the first verse (miner) rather than the second (lost and gone
forever).


[a lot of stuff deleted]

:      For that matter, stay Biblical and call it Omar Rasheet (The Feast of
: First Fruits).  Torah commands that this be observed on the day following
: the Sabbath of Passover week.  (Sunday by any other name in modern
: parlance.)  Why is there so much objection to observing the Resurrection
: on the 1st day of the week on which it actually occured?  Why jump it all
: over the calendar the way Easter does?  Why not just go with the Sunday
: following Passover the way the Bible has it?  Why seek after unbiblical
: methods?
:  
In fact, that is the reason Easter "jumps all over the calendar"- Passsover
itself is a lunar holiday, not a solar one, and thus falls over a wide
possible span of times.  The few times that Easter does not fall during or
after Passover are because Easter is further linked to the Vernal Equinox-
the beginning of spring.

[more deletions]
:  
:       So what does this question have to do with Easter (the whore
: goddess)?  I am all for celebrating the Resurrection.  Just keep that
: whore out of the discussion.
:  
Your obsession with the term "whore" clouds your argument.  "Whore" is
a value judgement, not a descriptive term.

[more deletions]

Overall, this argument is an illustration of the "etymological fallacy"
(see J.P. Louw: _Semantics of NT Greek_).  That is the idea that the true
meaning of a word lies in its origins and linguistic form.  In fact, our
own experience demonstrates that the meaning of a word is bound up with
how it is _used_, not where it came from.  Very few modern people would
make any connection whatsoever between "Easter" and "Ishtar."  If Daniel
Seagard does, then for him it has that meaning.  But that is a highly
idiosyncratic "meaning," and not one that needs much refutation.

I think this is a weak argument.  The fact is, there are *two* references to
Jesus in _Antiquities of the Jews_, one of which has unquestionably at least
been altered by Christians.  Origen wrote, in the third century, that
Josephus did not recognize Jesus as the Messiah, while the long passage
says the opposite.  There is an Arabic manuscript of _Antiquities of the
Jews_ which contains a version of the passage which is much less gung-ho
for Jesus and may be authentic.
   There is no question that Origen, in the third century, saw a reference
to Jesus in Josephus.  There are no manuscripts of _Antiquities_ which
lack the references.

It is possible that it was fabricated out of whole cloth and inserted, but
I don't think it's very likely--nor do I think there is a consensus in
the scholarly community that this is the case. (I know G.A. Wells takes
this position, but that's because he takes the very small minority view
that Jesus never existed.  And he is a professor of German, not of
biblical history or New Testament or anything directly relevant to
the historicity of Jesus.)


[ ACT 5:40 - 41 ]

...
...

The basic problem with your argument is your total and complete reliance on
the biblical text.  Luke's account is highly suspect (I would refer you to
the hermeneia commentary on Acts).  Moreover Luke's account is written at
least 90 years after the fact.  In the meantime everyone he mentions has died
and attempts to find actual written sources behind the text have come up
with only the we section of the later portion of acts as firmly established.
Moreover, Pauls account of some of the events in Acts (as recorded in 
Galatians) fail to establish the acts accounts. 

What we need, therefore, is a reliable text, critically appreciated, which
documents the death of Christians for belief in the Resurrection.  I would
suggest you look at some greek and roman historians.  I think you will be
disapointed.
I've got a 386 20Hz computer which is under warranty and my Trident
8900C video card is starting to play-up (surprise, surprise). Therefore
I'm going to try to exchange it for a better card.

The BIG Question is:

Which video card is high quality and with an
acceptable price tag (on student budget) ???
: Announce that a reward of $1 billion would go to the first corporation 
: who successfully keeps at least 1 person alive on the moon for a year. 
: Then you'd see some of the inexpensive but not popular technologies begin 
: to be developed. THere'd be a different kind of space race then!

I'm an advocate of this idea for funding Space Station work, and I
throw around the $1 billion figure for that "reward."  I suggest that
you increase the Lunar reward to about $3 billion.

This would encourage private industry to invest in space, which 
should be one of NASA's primary goals.

-- Ken Jenks, NASA/JSC/GM2, Space Shuttle Program Office
      kjenks@gothamcity.jsc.nasa.gov  (713) 483-4368



I have the need for displaying 2 1/2 D surfaces under X, using only
Xlib, Xt and Xm.  Does anyone know of a package, available on internet,
which will be able to do the work?

   I am looking for a STAND-ALONE package providing similar functions
to "xprism3" available with Khoros, but without the numerous libraries
required for it.  I want to be able to recompile it and run it on
various platforms, from SGIs to i486s (UNIX).

   Any help will be appreciated.


	One of the things I find intersting about pagan beliefs is
their belief in a feminine deity as well as a masculine deity. Being
brought up in a Christian household, I often wondered if there was God
the Father, where was the mother? Everyone I know who has a father
usually as a mother. It just seemed rather unbalanced to me. 
	Fortunately, my own personal theology, which will probably not
fall into line with a lot others, recognized God as a being both
without gender and posessing qualities of both genders, as being both
a masculine and feminine force. It provides a sense of balance I find
sorely lacking in most theologies, a lack which I think is responsible
for a lot of the unbalanced ways in which we see the world and treat
each other.
I am currently using POVRay on Mac and was wondering if anyone in netland
knows of public domain anti-aliasing utilities so that I can skip this step
in POV, very slow on this machine.  Any suggestions, opinions about
post-trace anti-aliasing would be greatly appreciated.
<<Posting deleted.  The moderator replies:

That is generally accuate, but contains one serious error.  We Catholics
do believe that God's revealed truth that is not explicitly recorded in
the Bible can be and is passed on through the Tradition of the Church.
It should be noted that the Tradition of the Church, otherwise known as
Sacred Tradition, is not the same as ordinary human traditions.
However, we do not believe that additional truth will be revealed to
the Church.  Public revelation, which is the basis of Catholic doctrine,
ended with the death of St. John, the last Apostle.  Nothing new can
be added.  Theologians study this revelation and can draw out implications
that were not recognized previously, so that the Council of Nicea could
define statements about the theology of the Trinity and the Incarnation
that were not explicitly stated in the Bible and had been disputed
before the council, but there was no new revelation at Nicea or at
any subsequent council.

Cardinal Newman's _An Essay on the Development of Christian Doctrine_,
written while he was still an Anglican, is an excellent discussion of
of this point.  It was recently reprinted as a Doubleday Image Books
paperback with some related shorter works under the title _Conscience,
Consensus, and the Development of Doctrine_.
-------
Marty Helgesen
Bitnet: mnhcc@cunyvm   Internet: mnhcc@cunyvm.cuny.edu

There is an excellent software program called Astro.calc that does that and
much more.  The latest address I have is

	MMI Corporation
	PO Box 19907
	Baltimore, MD  21211
	Phone (301) 366-1222


-- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Van E. Neie                                      ven@maxwell.physics.purdue.edu
Purdue University                                neie@purccvm.bitnet

   Announce that a reward of $1 billion would go to the first corporation 
   who successfully keeps at least 1 person alive on the moon for a
   year. 

And with $1B on offer, the problem of "keeping them alive" is highly
likely to involve more than just the lunar environment! 

"Oh Dear, my freighter just landed on the roof of ACME's base and they
all died.  How sad.  Gosh, that leaves us as the oldest residents."

"Quick Boss, the slime from YoyoDyne are back, and this time they've
got a tank!  Man the guns!"

One could imagine all sorts of technologies being developed in that
sort of environment.....

Greg.

(I'm kidding, BTW, although the problem of winner-takes-all prizes is
that it encourages all sorts of undesirable behaviour - witness
military procurement programs.  And $1b is probably far too small a
reward to encourage what would be a very expensive and high risk
proposition.)


: Well,
: 
: 42 is 101010 binary, and who would forget that its the
: answer to the Question of "Life, the Universe, and Everything else."
: That is to quote Douglas Adams in a round about way.
: 
: Of course the Question has not yet been discovered...
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
But it WAS discovered (sort of).  The question was "What is 7 times 8?"
When Arthur Dent objected that this was, unfortunately, factually
inaccurate, the effort to discover the question was begun all over.
This last effort was, I believe, likely to take far longer than
the lifespan of the universe, in fact several lifespans of same!
--
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mark Wilson, Online Computer Systems.  1-800-922-9204 or 1-301-601-2215
(Try email address mark@ocsmd.ocs.com....)
This file .disclaims everything signed with my .signature, I .mean it!

But he said,
	Yea rather,
	blessed are they
	that hear the word of God,
	and keep it.

 Which Golden Dawn? How about the original from 100 years ago?


 No. No Rosicrucian would ever admit or deny being such.
Brian Yamauchi asks: [Regarding orbital billboards...]
  
    Well, I had been collecting data for next edition of the
Commercial Space News/Space Technology Investor... To summarize:
  
SPACE ADVERTISING
    First, advertising on space vehicles is not new -- it is very
common practice to put the cooperating organization's logos on the
space launch vehicle.  For example, the latest GPS launcher had the
(very prominent) logos on its side of
   - McDonnell Douglas (the Delta launcher)
   - Rockwell International (who built the GPS satellite)
   - USAF (who paid for the satellite and launch), and
   - the GPS/Navstar program office
   This has not been considered "paid advertising" but rather
"public relations", since the restrictions have been such that only
organizations involved in the launch could put their logos on the
side, and there was no money exchanged for this.  [However, putting
a 10' high logo on the side of the launch vehicle facing the cameras
is "advertising" as much as it is "public relations", in my
opinion.]  [And by the way, I note that the DC-X test vehicle has
rather prominent McDonnell-Douglas and SDIO logos on the side...]
   There have been several studies looking at the revenue potentials
for use of space vehicles for advertising, or placing large
advertising signs in orbit.  On the shuttle, for example, I know of
several serious studies in the early and mid 1980's which looked at
putting logos on the external tank, or on the sides of the payload
bay.  These ventures would be different than "public relations", in
that the logos or displays would not be restricted to the firms
participating on that flight, and would involve payment of sums for
the right to fly the logos in a prominent organization.  (For
example, painting the ET to look like a Pepsi can, or putting a
Disneyworld logo on the inside of the payload bay where the cameras
would scan past it.)
  
ADVERTS ON LAUNCH VEHICLES
   The first paid advertising was done on a Soviet launcher in about
1990, when several non-involved foreign organizations were allowed
to pay to put their logos on a Proton launch.  (An Italian shoe
company was one of the first advertisers, I remember.)  Similarly,
Soviet cosmonauts on Mir made a paid advertisement for the last
Olympic games, and have gleefully shown banners and other items from
participating firms and organizations.  Mars candy bars, for
example, got a plug from orbit as a sponsor of the launch of the
British visiting cosmonaut to Mir.
   Now US firms are starting to put paid advertisements on launch
vehicles.  The upcoming Conestoga launch (in June) putting the COMET
recoverable payload capsule into orbit will have paid advertisements
on the side, for Arnold Schwarzenegger's upcoming movie "The Last
Action Hero".  Besides the usual logos of the participating
organizations, Columbia pictures has paid $500,000 to put ads on the
main fuselage of the mission's Conestoga rocket, its booster
rockets, and on the COMET payload, which will orbit the Earth for
one month.  A concept for this advertising display was published in
Space News magazine a couple of months ago.
   (As a side note: Robert Lorsch, an advertising executive, is
talking about suing NASA.  He charges NASA with appropriating an idea he
created with the space agency in 1981 to form corporate advertising
sponsorships on NASA spacecraft as a way to get funding for the
space program.  Lorsch contends that in selling advertising space on
the upcoming COMET, NASA violated an agreement that it "would not use
his idea without him being the exclusive representative for NASA and
receiving compensation."   This is being disputed, since the launch
is a "commercial launch" and NASA is receiving none of the
advertising revenues, but the funding for the COMET program is
coming from NASA.)
  
ORBITAL "BILLBOARDS"
   Orbital "billboards" have been the staple of science fiction for
some time.  Arthur C. Clarke wrote about one example, and Robert
Heinlein described another in "The Man Who Sold the Moon".  Several
different potential projects have been developed, although none have
been implemented, but the most real prior to 1993 being the "Eiffel
II" project, which would have placed a large inflatable sculpture in
orbit to celebrate the French Republic's Bi-centennial.
                                                (cont)

I would just go fetch my parents, and show them to you, and thereby
prove quite definitively that my mother is not named Merlyn, she is
not nine feet tall, and my father is quite alive.

Then I would assert quite simply that your deity does not exist, and
wait for a similar demonstration from you.


 > be the site of major commercial activity. As far as we know it has no
 > materials we can't get cheaper right here on Earth or from asteroids
 > and comets, aside from the semi-mythic He3 that *might* be useful in low
 > grade fusion reactors.

I don't know what a "low grade" fusion reactor is, but the major
problem with 3He (aside from the difficulty in making any fusion
reactor work) is that its concentration in lunar regolith is just so
small -- on the order of 5 ppb or so, on average (more in some
fractions, but still very small).  Massive amounts of regolith would
have to be processed.

This thread reminds me of Wingo's claims some time ago about the moon
as a source of titanium for use on earth.  As I recall, Wingo wasn't
content with being assured that titanium (at .5% in the Earth's crust,
average) would not run out, and touted lunar mines, even though the
market price of ilmenite concentrate these days is around $.06/pound.
This prompted me to look up large potential terrestrial sources.

On the moon, titanium occurs in basalts; "high-Ti" basalts (Apollo 11
and 17) have 8-14% titanium dioxide (by weight).  This is nice, but...
terrestrial continental flood basalts are also typically enriched in
titanium.  They very often have 3% TiO2, frequently have 4%, and
sometimes even 5% TiO2 (again, by weight).  These flood basalts are
*enormous* -- millions of cubic kilometers, scattered all over the
world (Siberia, Brazil, the NW United States, Ethiopia, etc.).  If
even 1% of the basalts are 5% TiO2, this is trillions of tons of TiO2
at concentrations only a factor of 2-3 less than in lunar high-Ti
basalts.  It is difficult to see how the disadvantages of the moon
could be overcome by such a small increase the concentration of the
ore (never mind the richer, but less common, terrestrial ores being
mined today).


Koberg,

	Just a couple of minor corrections here...

	1)  The Churches of Christ do not usually believe in speaking in
tongues, in fact many of them are known for being strongly opposed to
Pentecostal teaching.  You are probably thinking of Church of God in
Christ, the largest African-American Pentecostal denomination.

	2)  I'm not sure what you mean by "signifying believers"  but it
should be pointed out that the Assemblies of God does not now, nor has it
ever, held that speaking in tongues is the sign that one is a Christian. 
The doctrine that traditional Pentecostals (including the A/G) maintain is
that speaking in tongues is the sign of a second experience after becoming
a Christian in which one is "Baptized in the Holy Spirit"  That may be
what you were referring to, but I point this out because Pentecostals are
frequently labeled as believing that you have to speak in tongues in order
to be a Christian.  Such a position is only held by some groups and not the
majority of Pentecostals.   Many Pentecostals will quote the passage in
Mark 16 about "these signs following them that believe" but they generally
do not interpret this as meaning if you don't pactice the signs you aren't
"saved".

	3)  I know it's hard to summarize the beliefs of a movement that
has such diversity, but I think you've made some pretty big
generalizations here.  Do "Neo-Pentecostals" only believe in tongues as a
sign and tongues as prayer but NOT tongues as revelatory with a message? 
I've never heard of that before.  In fact I would have characterized them
as believing the same as Pentecostals except less likely to see tongues as
a sign of Spirit Baptism.  Also, while neo-Pentecostals may not be
inclined to speak in tongues in the non-Pentecostal churches they attend,
they do have their own meetings and, in many cases, a whole church will be
charismatic.

   The God of peace will soon crush Satan under your feet. 
    The grace of our Lord Jesus be with you. 
Romans 16:20

Archive-name: space/addresses
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:38:55 $

CONTACTING NASA, ESA, AND OTHER SPACE AGENCIES/COMPANIES

Many space activities center around large Government or International
Bureaucracies.	In the US that means NASA.  If you have basic information
requests: (e.g., general PR info, research grants, data, limited tours, and
ESPECIALLY SUMMER EMPLOYMENT (typically resumes should be ready by Jan.  1),
etc.), consider contacting the nearest NASA Center to answer your questions.

EMail typically will not get you any where, computers are used by
investigators, not PR people. The typical volume of mail per Center is a
multiple of 10,000 letters a day. Seek the Public Information Office at one
of the below, this is their job:

NASA (The National Aeronautics and Space Administration) is the
civilian space agency of of the United States Federal Government.
It reports directly to the White House and is not a Cabinet
post such as the military Department of Defense.  Its 20K+ employees
are civil servants and hence US citizens.  Another 100K+ contractors
also work for NASA.

NASA CENTERS

    NASA Headquarters (NASA HQ)
    Washington DC 20546
    (202)-358-1600

	Ask them questions about policy, money, and things of political
	nature. Direct specific questions to the appropriate center.

    NASA Ames Research Center (ARC)
    Moffett Field, CA 94035
    (415)-694-5091

	Some aeronautical research, atmosphere reentry, Mars and Venus
	planetary atmospheres. "Lead center" for Helicopter research,
	V/STOL, etc. Runs Pioneer series of space probes.

    NASA Ames Research Center
    Dryden Flight Research Facility [DFRF]
    P. O. Box 273
    Edwards, CA  93523
    (805)-258-8381

	Aircraft, mostly. Tested the shuttle orbiter landing
	characteristics. Developed X-1, D-558, X-3, X-4, X-5, XB-70, and of
	course, the X-15.

    NASA Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC)
    Greenbelt, MD 20771
    [Outside of Washington DC]
    (301)-344-6255

	Earth orbiting unmanned satellites and sounding rockets. Developed
	LANDSAT.

    Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL)
    California Institute of Technology
    4800 Oak Grove Dr.
    Pasadena, CA 91109
    (818)-354-5011

	The "heavies" in planetary research probes and other unmanned
	projects (they also had a lot to do with IRAS). They run Voyager,
	Magellan, Galileo, and will run Cassini, CRAF, etc. etc.. For
	images, probe navigation, and other info about unmanned exploration,
	this is the place to go.

	JPL is run under contract for NASA by the nearby California
	Institute of Technology, unlike the NASA centers above. This
	distinction is subtle but critical. JPL has different requirements
	for unsolicited research proposals and summer hires. For instance in
	the latter, an SF 171 is useless. Employees are Caltech employees,
	contractors, and for the most part have similar responsibilities.
	They offer an alternative to funding after other NASA Centers.

	A fact sheet and description of JPL is available by anonymous
	FTP in

	    ames.arc.nasa.gov:pub/SPACE/FAQ/JPLDescription

    NASA Johnson Manned Space Center (JSC)
    Houston, TX 77058
    (713)-483-5111

	JSC manages Space Shuttle, ground control of manned missions.
	Astronaut training. Manned mission simulators.

    NASA Kennedy Space Flight Center (KSC)
    Titusville, FL 32899
    (407)-867-2468

	Space launch center. You know this one.

    NASA Langley Research Center (LaRC)
    Hampton, VA 23665
    [Near Newport News, VA]
    (804)-865-2935

	Original NASA site. Specializes in theoretical and experimental
	flight dynamics. Viking. Long Duration Exposure Facility.

    NASA Lewis Research Center (LeRC)
    21000 Brookpark Rd.
    Cleveland, OH 44135
    (216)-433-4000

	Aircraft/Rocket propulsion. Space power generation. Materials
	research.

    NASA Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC)
    Huntsville, AL 35812
    (205)-453-0034

	Development, production, delivery of Solid Rocket Boosters, External
	Tank, Orbiter main engines. Propulsion and launchers.

    Michoud Assembly Facility
    Orleans Parish
    New Orleans, LA 70129
    (504)-255-2601

	Shuttle external tanks are produced here; formerly Michoud produced
	first stages for the Saturn V.

    Stennis Space Center
    Bay St. Louis, Mississippi 39529
    (601)-688-3341

	Space Shuttle main engines are tested here, as were Saturn V first
	and second stages. The center also does remote-sensing and
	technology-transfer research.

    Wallops Flight Center
    Wallops Island, VA 23337
    (804)824-3411
	    Aeronautical research, sounding rockets, Scout launcher.

    Manager, Technology Utilization Office
    NASA Scientific and Technical Information Facility
    Post Office Box 8757
    Baltimore, Maryland 21240

    Specific requests for software must go thru COSMIC at the Univ. of
    Georgia, NASA's contracted software redistribution service. You can
    reach them at cosmic@uga.bitnet.

    NOTE: Foreign nationals requesting information must go through their
    Embassies in Washington DC. These are facilities of the US Government
    and are regarded with some degree of economic sensitivity. Centers
    cannot directly return information without high Center approval. Allow
    at least 1 month for clearance. This includes COSMIC.

The US Air Force Space Command can be contacted thru the Pentagon along with
    other Department of Defense offices. They have unacknowledged offices in
    Los Angeles, Sunnyvale, Colorado Springs, and other locations. They have
    a budget which rivals NASA in size.

ARIANESPACE HEADQUARTERS
    Boulevard de l'Europe
    B.P. 177
    91006 Evry Cedex
    France

ARIANESPACE, INC.
    1747 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Suite 875
    Washington, DC 20006
    (202)-728-9075

EUROPEAN SPACE AGENCY (ESA)
    955 L'Enfant Plaza S.W.
    Washington, D.C. 20024
    (202)-488-4158

NATIONAL SPACE DEVELOPMENT AGENCY (NASDA)
    4-1 Hamamatsu-Cho, 2 Chome
    Minato-Ku, Tokyo 105, JAPAN

SOYUZKARTA
    45 Vologradsij Pr.
    Moscow 109125
    USSR

SPACE CAMP
    Alabama Space and Rocket Center	U.S. SPACE CAMP
    1 Tranquility Base			6225 Vectorspace Blvd
    Huntsville, AL 35805		Titusville FL  32780
    (205)-837-3400			(407)267-3184

    Registration and mailing list are handled through Huntsville -- both
    camps are described in the same brochure.

    Programs offered at Space Camp are:

	Space Camp - one week, youngsters completing grades 4-6
	Space Academy I - one week, grades 7-9
	Aviation Challenge - one week high school program, grades 9-11
	Space Academy II - 8 days, college accredited, grades 10-12
	Adult Program - 3 days (editorial comment: it's great!)
	Teachers Program - 5 days

SPACE COMMERCE CORPORATION (U.S. agent for Soviet launch services)
    504 Pluto Drive		    69th flr, Texas Commerce Tower
    Colorado Springs, CO 80906	    Houston, TX 77002
    (719)-578-5490		    (713)-227-9000

SPACEHAB
    600 Maryland Avenue, SW
    Suite 201 West
    Washington, DC 20004
    (202)-488-3483

SPOT IMAGE CORPORATION
    1857 Preston White Drive,
    Reston, VA 22091
    (FAX) (703)-648-1813    (703)-620-2200


OTHER COMMERCIAL SPACE BUSINESSES

    Vincent Cate maintains a list with addresses and some info for a variety
of companies in space-related businesses. This is mailed out on the
space-investors list he runs (see the "Network Resources" FAQ) and is also
available by anonymous ftp from furmint.nectar.cs.cmu.edu (128.2.209.111) in
/usr/vac/ftp/space-companies.


No, they fold on the dotted line.  Look at pictures of carriers with loads of
a/c on the deck, wings all neatly folded.

I'd love to know how "Jesus only" proponents would answer questions like:

-Who is this "Father" Jesus keeps referring to? Why does He call Himself "the
Son"?

-Why does He pray to the Father, and not to himself?

-Why does He emphasize that he does his Father's will, and not his own?  If He
 was doing his own will, what kind of example is that?  Should we follow it?

-When He says he has to return to the Father, who is He going to?

-When He says he does this in order that the Comforter, the Holy Spirit might
 come, who might that be?

-If He claims that the coming of the Holy Spirit is such a blessing that it's
 worth His leaving us and returning to the Father, what can that mean if there
 is no Holy Spirit?

-Why doesn't the best known Christian prayer begin "Our Saviour, who art in
 heaven," rather than "Our Father?"

Do they have answers to these questions that are even plausible?

(Further entertaining queries are left as an exercise to the reader.)

-drt

-- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
I am posting this for a friend without internet access. Please inquire
to the phone number and address listed.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

"Space: Teaching's Newest Frontier"
Sponsored by the Planetary Studies Foundation

The Planetary Studies Foundation is sponsoring a one week class for
teachers called "Space: Teaching's Newest Frontier." The class will be
held at the Sheraton Suites in Elk Grove, Illinois from June 14 through
June 18. Participants who complete the program can earn two semester
hours of graduate credit from Aurora College. Please note that while the
class is intended for teachers, it is not restricted to teachers.

The class, which is being cosponsored by the United States Space
Foundation, will teach how to use space exploration as a teaching tool
to get students excited about learning and interested in science.

Classroom topics to be covered by the class include:
     > Living in Space
     > The Space Shuttle
     > The Space Station
     > NASA Spinoffs that Benefit Society
     > Principles of Astrodynamics/Aeronautics
     > The Solar System

There will also be simulated Zero-G training in an underwater space
station simulation, model rocket launches, observing sessions at the
Harper College Observatory, and field trips to the Adler Planetarium and
the Museum of Science and Industry.

Featured speakers include Jerry Brown of the Colorado based United
States Space Foundation and Debbie Brown of the NASA Lewis Research
Center in Cleveland, Ohio. Additional instructors will be provided by
the Planetary Studies Foundation.

The social highlight of the class will be a dinner banquet featuring
Space Shuttle Payload Specialist Byron Lichtenberg, currently President
of Payload Systems, Inc. Lichtenberg was a member of the crew of STS-9
which flew in November 1983. The banquet is scheduled for Thursday, June
17.

The registration fee includes transportation for field trips, materials,
continental breakfasts, lunches, and the special dinner banquet. Guest
tickets for the dinner banquet are also available.  There is an
additional charge to receive the two hours of graduate credit. For any
additional information about the class, contact the Science Learning
Center at (708) 359-7913.

Or write to:
Planetary Studies Foundation
1520 W. Algonquin Rd.
Palatine, IL 60067

------------------------------------------------------------------------
I will instruct thee and teach thee
	in the way which thou shalt go:
	I will guide thee with mine eye.
Joe,

	your description sounds like one of the  gravity probe  spacecraft
ideas.



Are you your own master?  Do you have any habits that you cannot break?
For one, you seem unable to master your lack of desire to understand
even the slightest concept of the Bible.  Seems that ignorance has you
mastered.  How about sexual sins?  Gotta any of those secret desires
in your head that you harbor but can get control of?   Do you dehumanize
women when they walk past you?  Do you degrade them to a sex object in
your head?  Are you the master of that kind of thinking?  Do you insult
people unknowingly, then regret it later.  Yet do it again the next
time opportunity presents itself?  Are you truly the master of yourself?

I have admitted that I am not the master of my thought life at all times.
That I sometimes say things I do want to say, and then repeat my mistake
unwantingly.  I have admitted to myself that I cannot control every aspect
of my being.  There are times I know I shouldn't say something, but
then say it anyway.  There are times I simply forget a lesson.
I, in fact, am not my own master.  I need help.  Jesus promised me
this help.  And I took him up on his offer.  I have willfully let
Jesus be my master because Jesus knows what is better for me than
I myself do.  And why not?  Does not the creator know his creation
better than the creation?  Does Toyota know what's better for the
Corolla than the Corolla?


Then I guess ignorance is bliss for you.  Because Brian, you enjoy
not having a clue about the Bible.   



Can you witness motherly love with your senses?  How does caring and
concern for you register with your senses?  If nothing registers
to you other than what you can see, taste, smell, hear and touch,
then you better become a Vulcan and fast.  You better get rid
of your emotions.

And I do have a good reason to believe what I do.



The topic was about my God and your lack of knowledge about what my
God says.   My God says that you will not CEASE EXISTING.  You have
life forever.  You can choose to either live it in hell in eternal
torment where there is no communication whatsoever, or can choose to 
live it in paradise with God.  That is what my God says.  And that
was the issue.  Your made-up theism is what it is--made up.  It's
wishful thinking.
 

Is this the religion of Kendigianism?  Most people are not Christian.  Most
people, including Christians,  are not fond of feeling that they
are imperfect.  Is "the world an undesireable place" a doctrine
of Kendigianism?  It has nothing to do with my God.  Does
Kendigism have magical mystical prayers as a part of its worship?
Mine doesn't.  Does Kendigianism believe that the world will be holy again?  
Mine doesn't.  Does Kendigianism also dictate that one must obey what the
priest tells them like good little sheep?  Mine doesn't.  Is this
a bunch of lies you tell yourself so that you can justify being 
ignorant of the Bible?

Brian, following Christ has nothing to do with the doctrines of Kendigianism.
You would find any of your doctrines in the Bible.   I don't follow Kendigianism.
I follow Christ.   Also, to try to again show you your ignorance
of Christ and the Bible in regards to "priests",  have you not read about
the sole Melchizedek priest in Hebrews 7 and 8?  Have you not read what the
purpose is of the Old Testament Levitical priesthood and why there should
NOT be priests today?  Yes, guess what?  The Catholics messed up.  I do
not follow Catholicism or any "ism."  I follow Christ.


Why would you want to live a good life?
To you, you die and that's it.  Don't contradict yourself.  You have
no reason to live a good life.  It doesn't do you any good in the
end.  Your life doesn't do anybody else any good  either because
everyone dies anyway.  So you have no reason to lead a good life. Leading
a good life is meaningless.   Why do you do such a meaningless thing?


Has the resurrection sunk in?  Jesus is alive.  Jesus is NOT dead.
Jesus was sacrified to fufill the Old Testament sacrificial system
in its every detail.  Jesus's death was like a seed.  He needed
to fall to the ground so that many new lives would take root.  Did
you miss the entire John passage as well?  



Forget that I am a person.  Forget that I know how to type.  Forget
that I know how to put a sentence together.  Forget that I know
how to send e-mail.   Forget my existence.  Proove to me that I
exist.  .





John,
The problem here is that you have taken one peice of my response, without
bothering to connect it with the other parts.  I have repeatedly noted that
one needs to take the problematic historcity of acts and then examine the
work of John Dominic Crossan and Burton Mack.  Once you have taken the time
to examine recent developments in biblical scholarship, I think you will 
grasp more clearly what I am saying.




Certainly this is an issue as I think the situation in Waco shows most 
clearly.  If all that is required is that people are willing to die for a
belief for it to be true, then surely David Koresh is the son of God.  No,
the spurrious arguement that the resurrection had to be true for people to be
willing to die must be put to rest.  The other problem is that it is so 
monologocentric.  Even if the resurrection was a big deal (which it doesn't
seem to have been for either Q, Thomas, or even John to a certain degree)
there are a lot of other things which the Early Christians could have been
doing together that would have been worth dying for.  It is my belief that
even the idea of a mixed race community, which brought down regional/national
boundaries in the name of koinonia could have been enough for people to be
willing to die.  Radical communties do that (e.g. Jonestown, Waco, Warsaw, etc)
But my original point was that roman persecution (which is the only persecution
we have documented proof of) was not about whether a carpenter came back from
the dead.  Such a claim was not unique nor particularly abhorent to the roman
or greek mind.  My point is that avoidance of military and civic duty (i.e.
emperor worship) would have been much more problematic -- which has nothing
to do with the resurrection at all.  When nero used christians as human 
torches to light up his dinner party it wasn't because the believe in a 
risen savior, it was because they were supposedly involved in incest and
cannablism.  The argument that christians were martyred for the resurrection
just cannot stand up to critical examination.

Yeah, Corel Draw and WordPerfect Presentations pretty limited here, too.
	Since there's no (not really) such thing as a decent raster to
vector conversion program, this "tracing" technique is about it.  Simple
stuff, like b&w logos, etc. do pretty well, while more complicated stuff
goes haywire.  I suspect (even though I don't write code) that a good
bitmapped to vector conversion program would probably be as big as most
of these application softwares we're using -- but even so, how come one
hasn't been written? (to my knowledge).  I mean, even Hijaak, one of the
commercial industry standards of file conversion, hasn't attempted it yet.
At the end of a recent (Mon 19 Apr 1993) post, Alastair Thomson
offers the following "paraphrase" of John 3:16:

   "God loved the world so much, that he gave us His Son,
   to die in our place, so that we may have eternal life."

The "to die in our place" bothers me, since it inserts into the
verse a doctrine not found in the original. Moreover, I suspect that
the poster intends to affirm, not merely substitution, but forensic
(or penal) substitution.  I maintain that the Scriptures in speaking
of the Atonement teach a doctrine of Substitution, but not one of
Forensic Substitution.

Those interested in pursuing the matter are invited to send for my
essays on Genesis, either 4 thru 7 (on this question) or 1 through 7
(with lead-in).  The n'th essay can be obtained by sending to
LISTSERV@ASUACAD.BITNET or to LISTSERV@ASUVM.INRE.ASU.EDU the
message
   GET GEN0n RUFF

 Yours,
 James Kiefer
I am a student at UW-Eau Claire.  I am doing a paper an witches and wanted to
get your point of view.  I will not use you name unless you specifically tell
me to do so.

Please answer this question:

As a Christian, are you offended by witches and Wiccan?  Do you feel that tehy
are pagan in the evil sense of the word?

You time and cooperation is appreciated.  Thanks, J.

-This survey is being conducted in partial fulfillment of the course
requirements for Engl 201, taught by Karen Welch at the University of
Wisconsin-Eau Claire.  This course is in compliance with the course
certification requirements of the University Institutional Review Board for the
PRotection of Human Subjects.

Well, there are two approaches we can take here.  One is to ask you what this
objective morality is, assuming it's not a secret.

The other is to ask you what you think is wrong with relativism, so that we
can correct your misconceptions :-)

At one time there was speculation that the first spacewalk 
(Alexei Leonov ?) was a staged fake.

Has any evidence to support or contradict this claim emerged ?

Was this claim perhaps another fevered Cold War hallucination ?

UN Resolution 666 guarantees humanitarian aid will get into Irag during
the Gulf War.  Is this war over? Is aid getting in, or are they still
trying to smoke out Saddam?  Is this the Middle East?  Are we talking
religious war here?  Am I ranting?
Guess the subject says it all.
  I would like references to any introductory material on Image
  Databases.
  Please send any pointers to mini@point.cs.uwm.edu

  Thanx in advance!
   



hi guys
 like all people in this group i'm a fans of fractal and render sw
 my favourite are fractint pov & 3dstudio 2.0 
 now listen my ideas
 i'have just starting now to be able to use 3dstudio quite well
 so i'm simulating a full animation of a f1 grand prix
 unfortanatly just some lap(10?)
 i' m very interested about all kind of .prj .3ds and so on
 concerning about cars or parts of its (motors wheel ...)
 (dxf are good enough)
 does anyone have object to give me to complete my hard animation


 anyway any exchanges about object material project will
 be VERY APRECIATE!!!!!

 is there a ftp site where I can find its?

 i' m looking for .pov files too
 (i 'm interested about cpu time comparision rendering images on
 pov & 3dstusio)

 thank to all

Archive-name: space/mnemonics
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:14 $

ASTRONOMICAL MNEMONICS (This is the last FAQ section posted to sci.astro)

    Gathered from various flurries of mnemonic postings on sci.astro.

    Spectral classification sequence: O B A F G K M R N S

	Oh Be A Fine Girl Kiss Me Right Now, Sweetheart. (a classic)

	O'Dell's Big Astronomical Fiasco Gonna Kill Me Right Now Surely
	Obese Balding Astronomy Found Guilty; Killed Many Reluctant
	    Nonscience Students.
	Octopus Brains, A Favorite Gastronomical Kitchen Menu,
	    Requires No Sauce
	Odd Ball Astronomers Find Generally Kooky Mnemonics
	    Really Nifty Stuff
	Oh Big And Ferocious Gorilla, Kill My Roomate Next Saturday
	Oh Boy, A Flash! Godzilla Kills Mothra! Really Not Surprising!
	Oh Boy, An F Grade Kills Me
	On Bad Afternoons Fermented Grapes Keep Mrs. Richard Nixon Smiling
	On, Backward Astronomer, Forget Geocentricity; Kepler's Motions
	    Reveal Nature's Simplicity
	Our Bad Astronomy Faculty Gets Killed Monday
	Oven Baked Ants, Fried Gently, Kept Moist, Retain Natural Succulence
	Overseas Broadcast: A Flash!  Godzilla kills Mothra!
	    (Rodan Named Successor)
	Overweight Boys and Fat Girls Keep Munching
	Only Bored Astronomers Find Gratification Knowing Mnemonics
	Oh Bloody Astronomy!  F Grades Kill Me

    Order of the planets:

	Sun
	Mercury
	Venus
	Earth (Terra)
	Mars
	(Asteroids)
	Jupiter
	Saturn
	Uranus
	Neptune
	Pluto

	My Very Earnest Mother Just Served Us Nine Pizzas
	Mother Very Thoughtfully Made A Jelly Sandwich Under No Protest
	My Very Erotic Mate Joyfully Satisfies Unusual Needs Passionately
	Men Very Easily Make Jugs Serve Useful Nocturnal Purposes
	Man Very Early Made A Jug Serve Useful Noble Purposes
	My Very Educated Mother Just Showed Us Nine Planets
	My Very Eager Mother Just Showed Us Nine Planets
	My Very Exhausted Mother hAs Just Swept Up a Planetary Nebula
	Most Voters Earn Money Just Showing Up Near Polls
	My Very Educated Mother Just Served Us Nine Pizza-pies
	Many Viscious Elephants Made John, Suzy and Uncle Need Protection
	Solar Mass Very Easily Makes All Jupiter's Satellites Undergo
	    Numerous Perturbations.

	Mein Vater erklaert mir jeden Sonntag unsere niedlichen Planeten
	    (My Father explains to me every Sunday our nine planets)
	Man verachte einen Menschen in seinem Unglueck nie -- Punkt
	    (Never scorn/despise a person in his misfortune/bad luck/misery
		-- period!)

    Colors of the spectrum: Red Orange Yellow Green Blue Indigo Violet
	ROY G. BIV  (pronounce as a man's name)
	Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain
	Read Out Your Good Book In Verse

    Galilean Satellite of Jupiter: Io Europa Ganymede Callisto
	I Expect God Cries
	I Eat Green Cheese
	I Embarrass Good Christians

	Ich erschrecke all guten Christen
	    (I scare all good Christians)

    Saturnian Satellites
	MET DR THIP
	Miriam's Enchiladas Taste Divine Recently. Tell Her I'm Proud.
	(Mimas, Enceladus, Tethys, Dione, Rhea, Titan, Hyperion,
	    Iapetus, Phoebe)

    Uranian Satellites:
	MAUTO
	Mispronunciations Afflict Uranus Too Often
	My Angel Uriel Takes Opium
	(Miranda, Ariel, Umbriel, Titania, Oberon)

NOTE: the remaining FAQ sections do not appear in sci.astro, as they cover
    material of relevance only to sci.space.
I am looking for a copy of the following Siggraph publication: Gomez, J.E.
"Comments on Event Driven Annimation," Siggraph Course Notes, 10, 1987.

If anyone knows of a location where I can obtain a copy of these notes, I
would appreciate if they could let me know.  Thanks.
#The better question  should be.
#Why not transfer  O&M of all birds to a separate agency with continous funding
#to support these kind of ongoing science missions.

Since we don't have the money to keep them going now, how will
changing them to a seperate agency help anything?

Can someone please remind me who said a well known quotation? 

He was sitting atop a rocket awaiting liftoff and afterwards, in answer to
the question what he had been thinking about, said (approximately) "half a
million components, each has to work perfectly, each supplied by the lowest
bidder....." 

Attribution and correction of the quote would be much appreciated. 
                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I've always taken Murphy's Law to be an exhortation to prudence, and
an observation about the behavior of complex systems, rather than a
denial of divine benevolence.
About a year ago I started work on a problem that appeared to
be very simple and turned out to be quite difficult.  I am wondering if
anyone on the net has seen this problem and (hopefully) some published 
solutions to it.

	The problem is to draw an outline of a surface defined by two
roughly parallel cubic splines.  For inputs the problem essentially
starts with two sets of points where each set of points is on the 
edge of an object which we treat as two dimensional, i.e. only extant
between the edges, but which exists in three dimensional space.  To draw 
the object we 

1) fit a cubic spline through the points.  Each spline is effectively
	computed as a sequence of line segments approximating the
        curve.  Each spline has an equal number of segments.  We assume
	that the nth segment along each spline is roughly, but not
	exactly, the same distance along each spline by any reasonable
	measure.
2) Take each segment (n) along each spline and match it to the nth segment
	of the opposing spline.  Use the pair of segments to form two
	triangles which will be filled in to color the surface.
3) Depth sort the triangles
4) Take each triangle in sorted order, project onto a 2D pixmap, draw
	and color the triangle.  Take the edge of the triangle that is
	along the edge of the surface and draw a line along that edge
	colored with a special "edge color"

	It is the edge coloring in step 4 that is at the heart of the
problem.  The idea is to effectively outline the edge of the surface.
The net result however generally has lots of breaks and gaps in
the edge of the surface.  The reasons for this are fairly complicated.
They involve both rasterization problems and problems resulting
from the projecting the splines.  If anything about this problem
sounds familiar we would appreciate knowing about other work in this
area.



As an Amateur Radio operator (VHF 2metres) I like to keep up with what is 
going up (and for that matter what is coming down too).
 
In about 30 days I have learned ALOT about satellites current, future and 
past all the way back to Vanguard series and up to Astro D observatory 
(space).  I borrowed a book from the library called Weater Satellites (I 
think, it has a photo of the earth with a TIROS type satellite on it.)
 
I would like to build a model or have a large color poster of one of the 
TIROS satellites I think there are places in the USA that sell them.
ITOS is my favorite looking satellite, followed by AmSat-OSCAR 13 
(AO-13).
 
TTYL
73
Jim




 More correctly: when people die, they cease to exist.



 The idea I've gotten is that to christians, Hell is -- like Heaven --
 afterlife; i.e, you don't cease to exist, but are subjected to eternal 
 torture (well, that's the orthodox idea anyway; "eternal death" if you
 prefer that). Atheists don't believe in any sort of afterlife.


 I think it's safe to say that Hell was never intended metaphorical. Certainly
 not the equivalent of ceasing to exist. Some christian concepts are indeed
 metaphors, but your idea of Hell is a 20th century interpretation. It is, of
 course, nice to see that even christianity might evolve to fit the worldview 
 of modern age, but I fear the church will not accept it. Understandably, per-
 haps, because if you accept that Hell is a metaphor, then you're one step
 closer to turning God into a metaphor as well.

.. and Chuck Yeager earlier flights with the X-1...

Does anyone know any good decipleship trainning program during min August 
to end of Sept.  Or any missionary programs.
I currently belong to the Missionary Alliance Church in Oregon.
Please reply by mail.

thanks.


I've seen this verse used to back up this idea:

"...He has also set eternity in the hearts of men..."  (Ecclesiastes 3:11)
Satan was one of God's highest ranking angels, like Uriel, Raphael,
Michael, and Gabriel.  In fact, his name was Satanel.  He did challenge
God's authority and got kicked out of heaven.  A lot of the mythology
of Satan (he lost the -el suffix when he fell) comes from the
Book of Enoch and is not found in the bible.

Read the Book of Enoch, available thru bookstores, or get the book
called "Angels: an endangered species" (I think).


Okay here is what I have so far:

Have a group (any size, preferibly small, but?) send a human being to the moon,
set up a habitate and have the human(s) spend one earth year on the moon. Does
that mean no resupply or ?? 

Need to find atleast $1billion for prize money.

Contest open to different classes of participants.

New Mexico State has semi-challenged University of Alaska (any branch) to put a
team together and to do it..
Any other University/College/Institute of Higher Learning wish to make a
counter challenge or challenge another school? Say it here.

I like the idea of having atleast a russian team.


Some prefer using new technology, others old or ..

The basic idea of the New Moon Race is like the Solar Car Race acrossed
Australia.. Atleast in that basic vein of endevour..

Any other suggestions?
I am sure  Mary or Henry can describe this more aptly then me.
But here is how i understand it.

At Speed,  Near supersonic.  The wind behaves like a fluid pipe.
It becomes incompressible.  So wind has to bend away from the
wing edges.   AS the wing thickens,  the more the pipes bend.

If they have no place to go,  they begin to stall,  and force
compression, stealing power from the vehicle (High Drag).

If you squeeze the fuselage,  so that these pipes  have aplace to bend
into,  then drag is reduced.   

Essentially,  teh cross sectional area of the aircraft shoulf
remain constant for all areas of the fuselage.  That is where the wings are
subtract, teh cross sectional area of the wings from the fuselage.
Would someone please send me James Oberg's email address, if he has
one and if someone reading this list knows it?  I wanted to send
him a comment on something in his terraforming book.

	Paul F. Dietz
	dietz@cs.rochester.edu
Hi,

	I have a few question about graphics programming in VGA/SVGA :

1. How VESA standard works?  Any documentation for VESA standard?

2. At a higher resolution than 320x200x256 or 640x480x16 VGA mode,
   where the video memory A0000-AFFFF is no longer sufficient to hold
   all info, what is the trick to do fast image manipulation?  I
   heard about memory mapping or video memory bank switching but know
   nothing on how it is implemented.   Any advice, anyone?  

3. My interest is in 640x480x256 mode.  Should this mode be called
   SVGA mode?  What is the technique for fast image scrolling for the
   above mode?  How to deal with different SVGA cards?


  Your guidance to books or any other sources to the above questions
would be greatly appreciated.  Please send me mail.


  Thanks in advance!



************************************************************************
*                         Tiang   T.    Foo                            *
*		      tiang@uokmax.ecn.uoknor.edu 		       *
************************************************************************    
Hi Everyone ::

I am  looking for  some software  called SHADOW as 
far as  I know  its a   simple  raytracer  used in
the  visualization  of  synchrotron   beam  lines.
Now we have  an  old  version of the  program here
,but unfortunately we don't have any documentation
if anyone knows  where I  can  get  some  docs, or
maybe  a  newer  version  of  the program or  even 
another  program that does the same sort of  thing
I would love to hear from you.

PS I think SHADOW was written by a F Cerrina?

Anyone any ideas?


I find this argument very strange, though not unfamiliar.

An analogy someone used a while back can perhaps illustrate it.

Say, for example, there are people living on a volcanic island, and a group 
of geologists determine that a volcano is imminent. They warn the people on 
the island that they are in danger, and should leave. A group of people on 
the island is given the task of warning others of the danger.

They believe the danger is real, but others may not. 

Does that mean that the first group are NECESSARILY arrogant in warning 
others of the danger? Does it mean that they are saying that their beliefs 
are correct, and all others are false?

Some might indeed react to opposition with arrogance, and behave in an 
arrogant manner, but that is a personal idiocyncracy. It does not 
necessarily mean that they are all arrogant.

Hi Folks,

   Does anyone have a copy of Playmation they'd be willing to sell me.  I'd 
love to try it out, but not for the retail $$$.  If you have moved onto 
something bigger (3DS) or better (Imagine), I'd love to buy your table scraps.

   If noone is selling, can anyone recommend a place to buy Playmation 
mail-order for cheap?  

   Thanks in advance,

   Mark



-- 
A question regarding the Islamic view towards homosexuality came up in a
discussion group that I participate in, and I'd like to ask the question here,

"What is the Islamic view towards homosexuality?"             


First of all as far as I know, only male homosexuality is explicitly
mentioned in the bibles, so you're off the hook there, I think. In
any event, there are *plenty* of people in many denominations who
do not consider a person's sexual identification of gay/lesbian/bisexual
as an "immoral lifestyle choice"


This is another misconception. You are not being told the whole story.

My former minister is a lesbian, and I know personally and
professionally several openly gay and lesbian ministers. I am
a Unitarian-Universalist and like most others in my denomination,
am pro-choice. You needn't go looking to the Unitarian Universalists
(which is a liberal religion) for acceptance of your sexual
identification and pro-choice views, however; there are many of us
who believe in spirituality AND freedom of conscience.

Good Luck on your journey!


however, the word "pa^ques" in french _is_ the word for easter.  ask
any francophone, whether from quebec or from paris.  besides, haven't
you heard of the phrase "the paschal lamb" (meaning jesus)?

sorry to nitpick on the more trivial part of this thread....
...

Seen that movie already. Or one just like it.
Come to think of it, they might send someone on
a quest to get rid of the dang thing...



Ref: Encyclopedia of Religion, Mircea Eliade

MAGI: 

[Sneak Preview: Later still, eschatology and apocalyptics were a fertile meeting
 ground for Iranian and Judeo-Christian religions, as can be seen in the famous
 _Oracles of Hystaspes_, a work whose Iranian roots are undeniable and which
 most likely dates from the beginning of the Christian era, probably the
 second century CE (Widengren, 1968). The Zoroastrian doctrine of the Savior of
 the Future (Saoshyant) was the basis for the story of the coming of the Magi
 to Bethlehem in the _Gospel of Matthew_ (2:1-12).]

  The Old Persian word magu, rendered in Greek by magos, is of uncertain 
etymology. It may originally have meant "member of the tribe," as in the
Avestan compound mogu-tbish ("hostile to a member of the tribe"). This meaning
would have been further resticted, among the Medes, to "member of the priestly
tribe" and perhaps to "priest" (Benveniste, 1938; Boyce, 1982). The term is
probably of Median origin, given that Herodotus mentions the "Magoi" as one of
the six tribes of the Medes.
  For a variety of reasons we can consider the Magi to have been members of a
priestly tribe of Median origin in western Iran. Among the Persians, they were
responsible for liturgical functions, as well as for maintaining their
knowledge of the holy and the occult. Most likely, the supremacy of the Median
priesthood in western Iran became established during the time of the Median
monarchy that dominated the Persians from the end of the eighth century
through the first half of the sixth century BCE until the revolt of Cyrus the
Great (550 BCE). The Persians were indebted to the Medes for their political
and civil institutions as well. Even if hypotheses have been advanced
concerning the existence of Magi of Persian origin in the Achaemenid period
(Boyce, 1982), we must still maintain that they were of Median origin. This is
demonstrated by the eposide of the revolt of Gaumata the Magian, mentioned by
Darius I (522-486 BCE) in the inscription at Bisutun (Iran), as well as by
Greek sources. Indeed, Herodotus insists on the idea of the usurpatory power of
the Medes against the Persians through the conspiracy of the Magi.
  The fact that the Magi may have been members of a tribe that handed down the
sacerdotal arts in a hereditary fashion naturally did not exclude the
possibility that some of them undertook secular prefessions. This seems to be
attested by the Elamite tablets at Persepolis.
  There is a theses, put forth by Giuseppe Messina, that denies that the Magi
are members of an ethnic group by suggesting that they are simply members of
the priesthood - a priesthood of purely Zoroastrian origin. This thesis is
untenable; on the other hand, the hypothesis that their name is related to the
Avestan term magavan, derived from the Gathic maga (Vedic, magha, "gift"), is
not without foundation (Mole, 1963). The meaning of maga can probably be found,
in conformity with the Pahlavi tradition, within the context of the concept of
purity, or separation of the "mixture" of the two opposed principles of spirit
and matter. The maga, which has been erroneously interpreted as "chorus," from
the root mangh, which is said to mean "sing the magic song" (Nyberg, 1966) and
has been rendered simply by an expression like unio mystica, seems to be an
ecstatic condition that opens the mind to spiritual vision. In any case, though
there may be a relation between the Old Persian term magu and the Avestan terms
magavan and maga, we must maintain a clear distinction between the Magi and the
Avestan priesthood. The Avesta ignores the Median or Old Persian term, despite
a recent hypothesis proposed by H.W. Bailey; Old Persian inscriptions ignore
the Avestan term for "priest," athravan (Vedic, athravan), even if this is 
perhaps present in an Achaeminid setting in the Elamite tablets of Persepolis 
(Gershevitch, 1964).
  The term magu has been present in Zoroastrianism throughout its history; the
Pahlavi terms mogh-mard and mobad represent its continuation. The latter in
particular derives from an older form, magupati ("head of the Magi"). During
the Sasanid period (third to seventh centuries CE), which saw the formation of
a hierarchically organized church, the title mobadan mobad ("the high priest of
high priests") came to be used to designate the summit of the ecclesiastical
hierarchy.
  The Magi practiced consanguineous marriage, or khvaetvadatha (Av.; Pahl.,
khwedodah). They also performed a characteristic funeral rite: the exposure of
the corpse to animals and vultures to remove the flesh and thereby cleanse it.
The corpse was not supposed to decompose, lest it be contaminated by the demons
of putrefaction. This practice later became typical of the entire Zoroastrian
community and led to the rise of a complex funeral ritual in Iran and among the
Parsis in India. Stone towers, known as dakhmas, were built especially for this
rite. During the time of Herodotus the practice of exposure of the corpse was
in vogue only among the Magi; the Persians generally sprinkled the corpse with
wax, then buried it. The practice was widespread, however, among the peoples
of Central Asia.
  The Magi were the technicians of and experts on worship: it was impossible to
offer sacrifices without the presence of a Magus. During the performance of a
ritual sacrifice, the Magus sang of the theogony (the Magi were possibly the
custodians of a tradition of sacred poetry, but we know nothing about the
relationship of this tradition to the various parts of the Avesta) and was
called upon to interpret dreams and to divine the future. The Magi were also
known for the practice of killing harmful, or "Ahrimanical," animals (khrafstra)
such as snakes and ants. They dressed in the Median style, wearing pants,
tunics, and coats with sleeves. They wore a characteristic head covering of
felt (Gr. tiara) with strips on the sides that could be used to cover the nose
and mouth during rituals to avoid contaminating consecrated objects with their
breath (Boyce, 1982). The color of these caps, in conformity with a tradition
that is probably of Indo-European origin, according to Georges Dumezil, was
that of the priesthood: white.
  In all likelihood, during the Achaemenid period the Magi were not in
possession of a well-defined body of doctrine, and it is probable that they
gradually adopted Zoroastrianism; they were most likely a clergy consisting of
professional priests who were not tied to a rigid orthodoxy but were naturally
inclined to eclecticism and syncretism. Nonetheless, they must have been
jealous guardians of the patrimony of Zorastrian traditions. By virtue of this
they were the educators of the royal princes. The wisest of them was responsible
for teaching the prince the "magic of Zarathushtra, son of Horomazes" and thus
the "cult of the gods." Magi who excelled in other virtues were entrusted with
the education of the prince so that he would learn to be just, courageous, and
master of himself.
  During the Achaemenid period the Magi maintained a position of great
influence, although they were certainly subordinate to the emperor. Despite
several dramatic events such as the massacre they suffered after the death of
Gaumata the Magian - in which, according to Herodotus (who calls himself
Smerdis), the Persians killed a large number of Magi to avenge the usurpation -
the Magi nevertheless managed to maintain their influence at court in Media,
in Persia, and in the various regions of the empire where they were stationed
as a consequence of the Persian civilian and military administration.
  No priesthood of antiquity was more famous than that of the Magi. They were
renowned as followers of Zarathushtra (Zoroaster); as the teachers of some of
the greatest Greek thinkers (Pythagoras, Democritus, Plato); as the wise men
who arrived, guided by a star, at the manger of the newborn savior in
Bethlehem; and as the propagators of a cult of the sun in India. But they were
also known as the Chaldeans, the priesthood of Babylon, known for its occultism;
this was perhaps the reason that the term magos had a pejorative sense in Greek,
like "goes," "expert in the magic arts" (Bidez and Cumont, 1938). Indeed, the
Chaldeans were experts in all types of magical arts, especially astrology, and
had a reputation for wisdom as well as knowledge.
  To understand the reasons for such various and sometimes discordant views, it
is necessary to distinguish between the Magi of Iran proper and the so-called
western Magi, who were later hellenized. In the Achaemenid period both must
have been at least in part Zoroastrian, but the western Magi (those of the
Iranian diaspora in Asia Minor, Syria, Mesopotamia, and Armenia), who came in
contact with diverse religious traditions, must have, sooner or later and in
varying degrees, been influenced by syncretic concepts.
  The Greeks were familiar with both kinds of Magi and, depending on their
varying concerns, would emphasize one or the other aspect of them. Classical
historians and geographers, including Herodotus and Strabo, document their
customs, while the philosophers dwell above all on their doctrines: dualism,
belief in the hereafter, Magian cosmology and cosmogony, and their theology
and eschatology. Those sources most interested in the doctrines of the Magi
even speak of Zarathushtra as a Magus. In doing so they are repeating what the
Magi themselves said from the Median and Achaemenid periods, when they adopted
Zoroastrianism. At that time they embraced Zarathushtra as one of their own and
placed themselves under his venerable name.
  Zoroastrianism had already undergone several profound transformations in the
eastern community by the time of the Acheamenids and was already adapting those
elements of the archaic religion that refused to die. It has been said quite
often, in an attempt to characterize the precise role of the Magi in the
Zoroastrian tradition, that the Vendidad (from vi-daevo-data, "the law-abjuring
daivas"), part of the Avesta, should be attributed to them. (This collection of
texts from various periods is primarily concerned with purificatory rules and
practices.) Nonetheless, the hypothesis is hardly plausible, since the first
chapter of the Vendidad - a list of sixteen lands created by Ahura Mazda, the
supreme god of Zoroastrianism, but contaminated by an attack by Ahriman (Pahl.;
Gathic-Avestan, Angra Mainyu), the other supreme god and the ultimate source of
all evil and suffering - does not mention western Iran, Persia, or Media (the
land of Ragha mentioned in the text cannot be Median Raghiana). Furthermore, it
has been noted (Gershevitch, 1964) that if the authors had been Magi the
absence of any reference to western Iranian institutions, including their own
priesthood, would be very strange.
  The Magi were above all the means by which the Zoroastrian tradition and the
corpus of the Avesta have been transmitted to us, from the second half of the
first millennium BCE on. This has been their principal merit. We can attribute
directly to the Magi the new formulation that Iranian dualism assumed, known to
us especially from Greek sources and, in part, from the Pahlavi literature of
the ninth and tenth centuries CE. According to this formulation, the two poles
of the dualism are no longer, as in the Gathas, Spenta Mainyu ("beneficent
spirit") and Angra Mainyu ("hostile spirit") but Ahura Mazda himself and Angra
Mainyu (Gershevitch, 1964). [See Ahura Mazda and Angra Mainyu.] This trans-
formation was of immense consequence for the historical development of Zoro-
astrianism and was most likely determined by the contact of the Magi with the
Mesopotamian religious world. In this new dualism - which was that later known
to the Greeks (Aristotle, Eudemus of Rhodes, Theopompus, and others) - we can
see the affirmation of a new current of thought within Zoroastrianism, to which
we give the name Zurvanism. [See Zurvanism.]
  Thanks to their adherence to Zoroastrianism, the Magi played an enormously
important role in the transmission of Zarathushtra's treachings, as well as in
the definition of the new forms that these would assume historically. Their
natural propensity to eclecticism and syncretism also helped the diffusion of
Zoroastrian ideas in the communities of the Iranian diaspora. The Greeks began
to study their doctrines and to take an interest in them (Xanthus of Lydia,
Hermodorus, Aristotle, Theopompus, Hermippus, Dinon), even writing treatises
on the Persian religion, of which only the titles and a few fragments have
survived. In the Hellenistic period, the Magi were seen as a secular school of
wisdom, and writings on magic, astrology, and alchemy were lent the authority
of such prestigious names as Zarathushtra, Ostanes, and Hystaspes, forming an
abundant apocryphal literature. (Bidez and Cumont, 1938).
  Later still, eschatology and apocalyptics were a fertile meeting
ground for Iranian and Judeo-Christian religions, as can be seen in the famous
_Oracles of Hystaspes_, a work whose Iranian roots are undeniable and which
most likely dates from the beginning of the Christian era, probably the
second century CE (Widengren, 1968). The Zoroastrian doctrine of the Savior of
the Future (Saoshyant) was the basis for the story of the coming of the Magi
to Bethlehem in the _Gospel of Matthew_ (2:1-12). [See Saoshyant.]
  The Sasanid period saw the Magi once again play a determining role in the
religious history of Iran. Concerned to win back the western Magi (de Menasce,
1956), and eager to consolidate Zoroastrianism as the national religion of
Iran, the priests of Iranian sanctuaries in Media and Persia were able to
establish a true state church, strongly hierarchical and endowed with an
orthodoxy based on the formation of a canon of scriptures. The leading figures
in the development of a state religion and of Zoroastrian orthodoxy were Tosar
and Kerder, the persecutors of Mani in the third century.
Adam, I just finished a study on this, not only looking at the
prophecies themselves, but where they were fulfilled.  While going only
through the OT, I found 508 references.  After starting to show their
fulfillment, I found out that I had missed some, so needless to say I
cannot post them here.  However, the study I did I intend to publish (I
am in the process of organizing and showing the fulfillments, then I
will be ready to write and send it to a publisher).  With any luck
(and/or free time) I should have it finally done sometime around
September (I hope).
Jim Brown wrote :

[ deleted ]
[ deleted ]

  Unfortunately, it's not that simple.  The KJV is preferred by the majority
of fundamentalists (at least here).  The second part of your argument fails
as well, since that statement can be used against any version (not just the
KJV).

[ deleted ]
[ deleted ]

  I would not find this statement to be very useful since it is an appeal
to authority and the opposition will just claim that their authorities are
"better".  A second tact that local creationists have used is to reply "but
those scholars are atheists and cannot be believed" (they will also use this
phrase to describe any theologians that they don't agree with).

[ deleted ]
[ deleted ]

For those of you who don't need 24 bit, I got a 32 colour Amiga IFF
of a cloudless Earth (scanned). Looks okay when mapped on a sphere.
E-mail me and I'll send it you...

Louis


	COuld he?  And the first three that died, when guns ablazing in came
	the BATF and FBI?

	I imagine I would have some trouble giving up my children to
	someone who had just shot -- what -- two of them?

	NB:  It takes two sets of guns in a situation like this.


	Fanatical:  those whowill not tolerate another's way of life
	Religious:  Based on emotional, internal, or otherwise
		lacking in commonly defined _scientific_ basis,
		including legal ones, such as this old saw:

			Innocent untilproven guilty

		not
			Innocent until presumed guilty

	Who is the fanatic?  Note who is dead; this usually bespeaks
	a fair bit for the idea that the OTHER side also had lethal
	weapons, used fatally.

		They are dead:  the children.
			At best Koresh was an asshole and the government
			criminally negligent in its hadni\ling of the case.

			At worst, Koresh and his followers were
				innocent
				not brainwashed
				guilty of illegal arms possession
					(as yet unproven)
				and murderedd
				along with 25 children
			They cannot speak for themselves
			Members of the (surviving, alive, and not burned
				to death) BATF/FBI can, and are
				inappropriately
				to the public eye
				outside the bounds of their legal authorities
					read the charter:
					the Constitution specifies that
					the COURTS convict, while the
					enforcement arm INVESTIGATES,
					and that the evidence involved
					shuld not be disseminated in a
					way to harm or injure a party
					involved prior to that action;
					its called slander or libel
					(even where factually true butthen
					distoted or disseminated with intent
					to harm
				for the purpose of covering their butts

			because the bottom line is:
				they SAID they wanted the kids to get out
					alive
				and theFBI, the BATF, Ms. Reno, the Prez,
					and EVERYBODY ELSE IN THIS

						SICK
						SELFSERVING
						GROUP OF UPRIGHT ANIMALS
					that used to be a freedom loving
					peaceful country called

						America:  look up the name,
						it might surprise you
				has turned the "point the finger of blame"
				on the OTHER guy.
			
				and LET THOSE KIDS DIE.

				Note well:  they lived 51 days; they only
				died when attacked by outside force.

			SPock's World, Diane Duane:

				The spear in the heart of another
				is the spear in your own ....

		ALL of us are responsible.

		Iam; you are.  The question is not whether, but how:

			Guess what:  you get to make up your own mind
			on that.


	Who created the war zone?  You should be ashamed of bypassing that.
	It's the same damned (Literally) comment made by the folks in
	the former Yugoslavia to justify Ethnic Cleansing:

		"Gee, they had the guns, all they had to do was surrender".


	Whose "cause" did they die for?  The one where they lived,
	peacibly, to all known purposes (until proven in COurt,
	folks!), or the Cuase of Righteous Government SafeGuarding 
	The Freedom Of The CHildren

		Who are now dead.


	AgainI say:

		I do NOT know who did what
		I was NOT there.
		The FBI leaders show moral SICKness trying to
			convict in the press ahead of schedule
		And you should look over your shoulder,

		becuase if there is anything my ruminations that
		actually  sets onto real fact of what happened

			and I do not know that; I am defending
			people who ahving been burned to death cannot
			speak for themselves

		you may, in 22-5 years, find that the concept in our
		Court system  has gone from

			Due Processss

		to

			Due Profit

		and the BATF come to collect their fair share of the tax
		on the value of your house if you rented it for income

			which is going down now, folks.
			Read Bankruptcy 1995
				Its accurate in figures
				and it bypasses the greedy
					businessman and
					mankers who have
				taken profit from the corruption
				of our govbernment.

			Look to where the money went, folks.

			You  got $10 for medicare that paid a doctor for
			$00.50 worth of medicine.

				This is the customaryprofitmargin
				to businessmen for goernment entitlements.

	Who wll own the land of the cult now?  Note well:  it WAS nonproift,
	religious, and nontaxable.  Large tract of land .... hmmm.

	Use your brains, folks:  it happened Germany, and it can happen
	here.
			4.3 trillion (admitted) and counting....

royc.

You're assuming that their normal rotation carries all areas of the surface
into sunlight.  Not so.  Even on Earth, each pole gets several weeks without
sunlight in mid-winter.  Pluto and Charon have much more extreme axial
tilt and a much longer orbit.  Pluto's north pole, for example, gets over
a century of darkness followed by over a century of perpetual light.

At the moment, we're in luck -- Pluto and Charon are just past their
equinox, when the Sun was just on the horizon at both poles (of each).
If we get probes there soon, only the immediate vicinity of one pole
(on each) will be in long-term shadow.  This will get steadily worse the
longer we wait.
I can't find CTDS (Connect The Dots Smoother) in France. If it is a commercial
program I'll happily pay whatever it may cost (do not take it litterally).
Please help!
I have *LOTS* of PoV sources, texture images and animations though, if you
are looking for something, just tell.


I don't know about that...I've used Photoshop 2.5 on both a 486dx-50 and a Quadra
950...I'd say they are roughly equal.  If anything the 486 was faster.
: > 	   I'm a commited Christian that is battling with a problem.  I know
: > that romans talks about how we are saved by our faith not our deeds, yet
: > hebrews and james say that faith without deeds is useless, saying' You fools,
: > do you still think that just believing is enough?'
: 
: [Stuff deleted]
:  
: > Now I am of the opinion that you a saved through faith alone (not what you do)
: > as taught in Romans, but how can I square up in my mind the teachings of James
: > in conjunction with the lukewarm Christian being 'spat-out'
: > 
: > Can anyone help me, this really bothers me.
: 

I have received tons of mail from people replying to this article I wrote, and
I would just like to thank everyone who took the time to give me a hand.  It
has indeed helped me and re-affirmed alot of theories that I held but was a
little unsure about.

God bless you all

Will 
 
: [ The discussion begins: why does the universe exist at all?  ]
 
: One of the Laws of Nature, specifying cause and effect seems to dictate 
: (at least to this layman's mind) there must be a causal event.  No
: reasonable alternative exists.

I would argue that causality is actually a property of spacetime; 
causes precede their effects. But if you claim that there must be
an answer to "how" did the universe (our spacetime)  emerge from 
"nothing", science has some good candidates for an answer.

I have always wondered why Christians use the "There are questions
science (or atheism) cannot answer" argument; I hope this is the
appropriate group to ask this question.

The most popular question is the question of origins. Why does the
universe exist, or anything, for that matter?

I think this question should actually be split into two parts, namely

1) Why is there existence? Why anything exists?

and

2) How did the universe emerge from nothing?

It is clear science has nothing to say about the first question. However,
is it a meaningful question, after all?

I would say it isn't. Consider the following:

A die-hard skeptic being (be it human or whatever) attempts to doubt
one's very existence. Since it is so easy to doubt everything else -
I cannot be _sure_ the world exists, it may be my mind fooling me -
can I ever be sure I exist?

However, it is only possible to exist or not to exist. (Someone
insert an appropriate Shakespeare quote here ;-) )

A being that does not exist cannot doubt one's existence.
A being that does exist can doubt one's existence, but this would be
pointless - the being would exist anyway.

Let us return to the original question: why? A being that does not
exist does not need any reasons for its non-existence. This being
is not _sure_ whether anything else exists but his mind, but let
us assume that the world exists independent of the mind (the objectivity
postulate). The question "why anything exists" can be countered by
demanding answer to a question "why there is nothing in nothingness,
or in non-existence". Actually, both questions turn out to be
devoid of meaning. Things that exist do, and things that don't exist
don't exist. Tautology at its best.

I seriously doubt God could have an answer to this question.

Some Christians I have talked to have said that actually, God is
Himself the existence. However, I see several problems with this
answer. First, it inevitably leads to the conclusion that God is
actually _all_ existence, good and evil, devils and angels, us and
them. This is pantheism, not Christianity.

Another answer is that God is the _source_ of all existence.
This sounds much better, but I am tempted to ask: Does God
Himself exist, then? If God is the source of His own existence,
it can only mean that He has, in terms of human time, always
existed. But this is not the same as the source of all existence.
This argument sounds like God does not exist, but meta-exists,
and from His meta-existent perspective, He created existence.
I think this is actually a nonsolution, a mere twist of words.

The best answer I have heard is that human reasoning is incapable
of understanding such questions. Being an atheist myself, I do not
accept such answers, since I do not have any other methods.

The second question: How did the universe emerge from nothing?
belongs to the domain of science, and I, for one, do not doubt the
question can be answered by its methods. Many cosmologists have
suggested that it is entirely possible for universes to emerge
from vacuum (this possibility has been suggested in a recent
Hawking biography; see also Lizhi & Shuxian: Creation of the Universe,
World Scientific, 1989). However, I think the sci groups are more
appropriate for discussions like this.
 
: As far as I can tell, the very laws of nature demand a "why".  That isn't
: true of something outside of nature (i.e., *super*natural).

This is not true. Science is a collection of models telling us "how",
not why, something happens. I cannot see any good reason why the "why"
questions would be bound only to natural things, assuming that the
supernatural domain exists. If supernatural beings exist, it is
as appropriate to ask why they do so as it is to ask why we exist.
 
: I believe the "genetic code" will be entirely deciphered in our lifetimes,
: but we will not see man convert entirely inert material into self sustaining, 
: reproducing life, *ever*.  (I've never been much of a prophet, though. I
: can't even *picture* New York in my mind 8^] ).  I don't believe *any*
: technology would be able to produce that necessary *spark* of life, despite
: having all of the parts available. Just my opinion.

This opinion is also called vitalism; namely, that living systems are
somehow _fundamentally_ different from inanimate systems. Do Christians
in general adopt this position? What would happen when scientists announce
they have created primitive life (say, small bacteria) in a lab?

There is a problem with your prophecy: artificial life has been created,
although not yet in a chemical form. Computer simulations of evolution
contain systems that are as much alive as any bacterium, although
their code is electronic, as well as their metabolism. See a recent book

Steven Levy: Artificial life - The Quest for a New Creation. Jonathan
Cape, London 1992.

Artificial chemical life is just around the corner - after all, no 
spark of life has been found to be necessary; living systems do not
violate any physical laws as we know them. 

: You don't mind if a few of us send up a prayer on your behalf during your
: research, do you?  After all, if we of Christ are deluding ourselves, you
: really have nothing to worry about, eh?

Exactly. This is why I think atheists should _not_ post any evangelical
atheist arguments to soc.religion groups, since people who seek to 
find peace in religions must be allowed to gather together. I would
normally have asked these questions in alt.atheism or talk.religion.misc,
but it seems many Christians do not read these groups. 

Petri

There was a recent discussion of Dungeons and Dragons and other role
playing games.  Since there is a lot of crossover between gamers and
science fiction and fantasy fans, I will mention that I am the editor
and publisher of RADIO FREE THULCANRA, a Christian-oriented science
fiction fanzine.  It is not a Christian magazine with a special
interest in science fiction.  It is a science fiction fanzine with a
special interest in Christianity.  Gaming is not a major topic of
discussion but it has come up in some letters.  (No, there are no
arguments about whether D&D is satanic.  People who think it is are
not likely to be reading RFT.)  Anyway, I am now working on the April
issue.  I will send a sample copy to any reader of
soc.religion.christian who requests it.  It is printed on paper, so
requests should include a snail-mail address.
-------
Marty Helgesen
Bitnet: mnhcc@cunyvm   Internet: mnhcc@cunyvm.cuny.edu
Sorry, but Mormons aren't generally considered to be Christians.

Cloak yourself in God's sustaining and abiding love. Pray, pray, pray.
Pray for your brother, that he will assume the Godly role that is his.
Pray for your sister-in-law, the what ever is driving her to separate
your brother and herself from the the rest of the family will be healed.
Pray for God to give you the peace in the knowledge that you may not be
able to 'fix' it. From your description it would appear that it will
require devine intervention, and the realization by your brother as to
what his responsibilities are. Seek Godly counsel from your pastor, or
other spiritually mature believer. Know always that He is akways there
as a conforter, and will give you wisdon and direction as you call on
Him.

So we have this highly Christian religious order that put fire
on their house, killing most of the people inside.

I'm not that annoyed about the adults, they knew supposedly what
they were doing, and it's their own actions.

What I mostly are angry about is the fact that the people inside,
including mothers, let the children suffer and die during awful
conditions.

If this is considered religious following to the end, I'm proud
that I don't follow such fanatical and non-compassionate religions.

You might want to die for whatever purpose, but please spare
the innocent young ones that has nothing to do with this all.

I have a hard time just now understanding that Christianity
knows about the word compassion. Christians, do you think 
the actions today would produce a good picture of your 
religion?


Kent


	Yes, that's known as "Bresenhams Run Length Slice Algorithm for
Incremental lines". See Fundamental Algorithms for Computer Graphics,
Springer-Verlag, Berlin Heidelberg 1985.


	Hmm. I don't think I can help you with this, but you might
take a look at the following:

	"Double-Step Incremental Generation of Lines and Circles",
X. Wu and J. G. Rokne, Computer Graphics and Image processing,
Vol 37, No. 4, Mar. 1987, pp. 331-334

	"Double-Step Generation of Ellipses", X. Wu and J. G. Rokne,
IEEE Computer Graphics & Applications, May 1989, pp. 56-69


You missed something.  I think it takes off vertically and is intended
to land the same way.

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
Tony-

I read your post, it was nothing new, I had seen much the same in other
typical"Christian" anti-gay sentimental literature.  Gay people are and will
con- tinue to be persecuted as long as such propaganda petpetuates.  You may
be unaware of all the statistica "findings" concerning African-Americans that
have been published and used by various groups to re-enforce their own bias
against African-Americans.  We usually think of the KKK in these instances,
but there are many other groups.  Of course, the vast majority of the public
scoff at such findings and documents today, but that was not always the case.
Fortunately African-Americans had "whites" who supported their 'cause' and
public sentiment was eventually (if not entirely) turned around.  There was
even a Civil War, and anti-negro sentiment increased.  In fact, until laws
were put in place to protect the inalienable rights of Blacks it was pretty
much legal to discriminate against them.

I know many gays and I will NOT turn my back on them or their right to be free
form discrimination.  You may think that I have been deceived or something,
that is your perogative.  My church, Christian Church (Disciples of Christ)
openly affirms the rights of oppressed people of all segments of society,
including gays.  We believe the Gospel message of preaching to all creation
and making disciples.  We believe in the Lord's great commandment to Love,
and we beleive in standing up for the oppressed, even if it is not popular
to do so.  I really like my church for last reason the most.  I can find a
church almost anywhere in the valley that stands for the Gospel and believes
in the commandment of Love (though I'm hard-pressed to find many who actually
sho Love), but not many are willing to champion the oppressed, especially
within their own community.  I may have lost face with the greater Christian
community for the unpopularity of my beliefs, but so did the abolitionists
against the oppression of African-Americans.  Many were even killed and
treated as runaway slaves for being "nigger-lovers" and such.  I guess I've
decided the challenge is worth it.

In my talks with gay men and women I have heard tragic story after tragic
story centering around failed marriages, wives and husbands who are straight
who have been hurt in the process, etc.  Funny thing is, I don't know of one
case where the parents, ex-wives, or even children have continued to reject
their gay family member (son, daughter, ex-husband, father, etc.) after they
began to take part in some form of support group, like PFLAG.

I'm apalled by the legislation which passed in Colorado, and am equally out0
raged that such slimey people as Louis Sheldon (from the Tradition Values
Coalition) have been actively working in the Christian underground to garner
support within several (8 I believe) states this coming November for more
oppressive legisation against gays.

Perhaps you don't get it, and maybe you never will.  Many didn't get it in the
Middle Ages and the proclaimed God's will be done as they massacred thousands
in witch hunts and inquisitions.

The message that comes through, loud and clear, by proponents against gay
rights and against gays in general, is that there is a strong dislike, even
hatred for gays, whether you want to call it such or not (it doesn't change
the results).  The major flaw in all this posturing is that in the end, the
final effect of posts like that of yours and Mr. Hudson is that YOU have a
"conditional" love for gays.  Condition:  Change and we'll love you. This is
sure strange coming from a group who claim that God has an "unconditional"
love, one that calls people "just as they are."  Sure there are things that
will 'naturally' change, and habits (like alcoholism, wife beating, etc.) that
need to be changed through some sort of therapy.  But then there are things
like left-handedness, etc. that no amount of beating it out of people, is
going to result in anything more than an outward conforminty to "other
people's expectations." In the process this coerced conformity causes many
people a great deal of harm, especially when it is caused by people who have
nothing more to gain from it that to become even more puffed up about their
own sense of pseuper-spirituality.

This is sad, but I thoroughly believe that one day it will change.  It may be
unpopular to cry for justice and equality when the basis has to do with
something very personal like 'sexuality' (a taboo subject even today), but I
firmly believe in the rights of individuals to be free from impose regulation
on thier bedrooms.  It's funny that most straight people have successfully
removed restrictive and oppressive legislation against invasive legislation,
but we like to maintain this little chestnut of repression...as though it
helps us maintain a sense of superiority over at least one segment of society.
Gay people are not criminals.

Another interesting thing happened recently.  A very prominent charismatic
church in the Silicon Valley (here) had two of it's pastors arrested for self-
admitted charges of pederasty (men having sex with boys).  This had apparently
been going on for some time (a couple years?), but since the charges were
voluntary, and the church worked closely with the police, so I imagine that
was how they managed to downplay it in the media.  How could such a thing
happen when the church, itself, has an ex-gay ministry?  One of my friends
recently told me he was "approached" by someone who is going through the
reparitive therapy there, and he was thoroughly convinced that the request for
dinner was not an invitation to attend the ministry.

These are difficult times we live in, but providing hostile environments and
creating and perpetuating an atmosphere that breed hate and violence is not
the call of the Christian community.  The results of the passing amendment in
Colorado has created an organization who's posters are appearing all over
Colorado called "S.T.R.A.I.G.H.T." (I forget the whole definition off hand,
but the last part was Against Immoral Gross Homosexual Trash) and their motto
is "Working for a fag-free America" with an implicit advocation for violence.

This is sick, and it seems to be what you and Mr. Hudson, and others are
embracing.

We Christians have a LOOOOOOOOOONG tradition of coersion and oppression
towards those we feel don't 'measure up', and constant beratement from
organizations like The Christian Research Institute, while they do have a good
purpose also, their major work seems to be finding new and better ways of
excluding people.

The Gospel I believe is not so negative, rather it seeks ways to "include"
people.  I have several of Dr. Martin's books and find them quite helpful,
especially concerning 'cults.' But it seems that CRI, has become a cult unto
itself.  Why don't we just stick to the positive and find ways to bring people
to Jesus istead of taking bullwhips and driving them away?

Whatever


On of the attributes of being sacred in this case is that they
should not be spoken of in a "common manner" or "trampled under
feet" such as the Lords name is today.  The ceremonies are
performed in the temple because the temple has been set aside
as being as sacred/holy/uncommon place.  We believe that the 
ceremonies can only be interpreted correctly when they
are viewed with the right spirit- which in this case is in the
temple.  So from our point of view, when they are brought
out into the public, they are being trampled under feet,
because of misinterpretations and mocking, and it is therefore
offensive to us.

Please do not assume that because of my use of the words
'we' and 'our' that I'm an official spokesman for the LDS
church.  I am merely stating what I believe is the general
feeling among us.  Others feel free to disagree.




Punchline #3: it would be a good idea just to leave them there.

-Tommy Mac
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tom McWilliams 517-355-2178 wk   \\ As the radius of vision increases,
18084tm@ibm.cl.msu.edu 336-9591 hm \\ the circumference of mystery grows.
Hi, this is my first msg to the Net (actually the 3rd copy of it, dam*ed VI!!).

  Look for the new VPIC6.0, it comes with updated VESA 1.2 drivers for almost every known card. The VESA level is 1.2, and my Tseng4000 24-bit has a nice affair with the driver. 

  Hope it is useful!!

Hi!... 

I am searching for packages that could handle Multi-page GIF
files...    

Are there any on some ftp servers?

I'll appreciate one which works on PC (either on DOS or Windows 3.0/3.1).
But any package works on Unix will be OK..
Tonigth a TV journal here in Brasil announced that an object,
beyond Pluto's orbit, was found by an observatory at Hawaii. They
named the object Karla.

	The program said the object wasn't a gaseous giant planet, and
should be composed by rocks and ices.

	Can someone confirm these information? Could this object be a
new planet or a Kuiper object?

	Thanks in advance.

	Francisco.

It is funny how this one little quote from Genesis is treated
by certain anti-Christians as if Christians have been given a
firm command to destroy the earth. You could prove almost
anything by taking little quotes out of context from the Bible
- it's a big book, you know. I doubt you could find a single
case of a anti-ecological action taking place specifically
because teh perpetrator was motivated by a Christian belief.

As for the Nazis, they were motivated by German Nationalism,
not by Christianity. In fact they despised Christianity as a
weak pacifist religion, and were much more keen on pagan
glorification of strength and warfare. They killed the Jews
because they were not Germans, not because they were
"Christ-killers" - they were just as keen on killing the other
non-German ethnic minority, the Romanies or Gypsies.
I need a VESA driver for the Diamond Speedstar 24X that works. I've tried
several and none work for the hicolor modes.
Bill Burns was looking for a description of the differnces  between the
Catholic and Lutheran churches.

I'd recommend Prof. William Whalen's book "Separated Brethren".  It's
an overview of common US denominations, intended for a Catholic
audience.

And the Lord's servant must not quarrel; instead, he must be kind to everyone,
able to teach, not resentful. Those who oppose him he must gently instruct, in
the hope that God will grant them repentance leading them to a knowledge of the
truth, and that they will come to their senses and escape from the trap of the
devil, who has taken them captive to do his will. 
IITimothy 2:24-26


I strongly disagree that absolute truth would not require interpretation.
That's because truth may be absolute, but it may not be obvious.  Like
so many things, the truth is always subject to misinterpretation.

I strongly suspect that we are reaching an impasse here, which is why I
deign from commenting much further.


Now hold it.  I never said that Christians cannot be arrogant.  Indeed, as
many other Christians on SRC have stressed before, this is a trap that
Christians must always be wary about.  However, this does not mean that if
you believe in the absolutes established by the Bible, you are necessarily
being arrogant.  A Christian can believe that the Word of God is absolute,
but he or she should not expect this to be immediately evident to everyone.
 

Not quite.  You say that according to my stance, we cannot *reliably*
determine what is true.  That is not what I said.  I say that as fallible
human beings, we cannot discern the truth with 100% certainty.  The 
distinction is subtle yet important.

When a scientist performs an experiment, he can claim that his results
are reliable, without claiming that absolutely no mistake whatsoever could
have been made.  In other words, he can admit that he could be mistaken,
without sacrificing his convictions.

Nobody can establish what absolute truth is with 100% certainty.
Throughout the centuries, philosophers have argued about what we can know
with complete certainty and what we cannot.  Descartes made a step in the
right direction when he uttered, "Cogito, ergo sum," yet we have not advanced
much beyond that.

Do you believe that other people aside from you exist?  Do you believe that
the computer terminal you are using exists?  If so, can you be absolutely
certain about that?  Are you sure it is not some grand illusion?  Of course,
you have no such assurance.  This does not mean, however, that for all
practical purposes, you can be certain that they exist.  So it is with
Christianity.  The most mature Christians I know have deep convictions about
absolute morality, yet they acknowledge that there is a non-zero probability 
that they are wrong.  This does not, however, mean that they should (or do) 
abandon these absolutes.


As I said, we can never be absolutely certain that we are correct.  This does
not mean that we cannot be certain enough, in light of the evidence, to 
render all doubts unreasonable.

Gordon Banks quoted and added...

gb> In article <C50M5p.Eoz@acsu.buffalo.edu>
gb>
gb> >
gb> >  Christians have professed for more than 1660 years the Nicene
gb> >Creed, a statement of beliefs drawn from the truths of Scripture
gb> >that was officially accepted by a council of church bishops
gb> >and leaders at Nicea in 325 A.D. Christians still recite
gb> >this creed regularly in public worship.
gb> >
gb>
gb> So prior to 325 AD there were no Christians?  Or all of them really
gb> believed the Nicean creed even before it was formulated?  Do you
gb> really believe such an absurdity?  I'm afraid you do.  

     No.
     I really don't. Honest.

     The Nicene Creed, as I mentioned above, is a brief statement of
     beliefs that are derived from Scripture. That this certain list
     did not exist earlier does not indicate that the beliefs summarized 
     in in did not exist before the formula was derived.

I used this combination for a while - A QCR-Z recorder,
I think - and as far as I remember Corel can EXPORT in
SCODAL (.scd) format.  Just select 'EXPORT' on the main
file menu.  This may not be implemented in earlier versions,
of course, in which case you're on your own!!!

Also, I seem to think that the s/w for the QCR-Z (at the time)
did strange (and very undesirable) things if ANY part of the
pic was outside the screen area on Corel.  I once spent an
afternoon painfully discovering that ONE pixel had somehow
strayed off-screen, causing my whole slide to be blank!!!

The QCR-Z also couldn't handle grad-fill over grad-fill -
so if you use a graduated colour background, if you then
grad-fill an object on top of this, the fill appears on the
final slide as a circle (I think) and TOTALLY IGNORES the
shape of the object being filled!!!

Of course, if the recorder isn't a QCR, you can ignore all
this and feel suitably :-)

Christian:  washed in the blood of the lamb.
Mithraist:  washed in the blood of the bull.

If anyone in .netland is in the process of devising a new religion,
do not use the lamb or the bull, because they have already been
reserved.  Please choose another animal, preferably one not
on the Endangered Species List.  

Sorry folks, I should have done this, and meant to just after i hit the 
send key...

Orbital Elements of Comet 1977VII (from Dance files)

p(au)          3.424346
e              0.151899
i              1.0988
cap_omega(0) 243.5652
W(0)         231.1607
epoch       1977.04110

Also, perihelions of Gehrels3 were:

April  1973     83 jupiter radii
August 1970     ~3 jupiter radii

Hope this helps...I'm even less of an orbital mechanic than I am an artist.


I think APDA has something called MacWireFrame which is a full
wire-frame (and supposedly hidden-line removal) library.
I think it weighs in at $99 (but I've been wrong on an order
of magnitude before)


I can relate to that

					/h+
-- 
 -- Jon W{tte, h+@nada.kth.se, Mac Hacker Deluxe --


Considerably better than I feel about, say, the Punic Wars, or the 
Peloponnesian War (spelling optional), or almost any other event in 
classical history.  How close to the events do you think the oldest 
extent manuscripts are in those cases?

a

What about positional uncertainties in S-L 1993e?   I assume we know where
and what Galileo is doing within a few meters.   But without the
HGA,  don't we have to have some pretty good ideas, of where to look
before imaging?  If the HGA was working,  they could slew around
in near real time (Less speed of light delay).  But when they were
imaging toutatis????  didn't someone have to get lucky on a guess to
find the first images?   

Also, I imagine S-L 1993e will be mostly a visual image.  so how will
that affect the other imaging missions.  with the LGA,  there is a real
tight allocation of bandwidth.   It may be premature to hope for answers,
but I thought i'd throw it on the floor.

[good points on buddhism, etc. deleted]

just because one says christianity -- true christianity -- is hard to
follow faithfully does NOT mean that one discounts the validity and
difficulty of other religions.  i admire those of any religion who are
willing to make the kind of sacrifices and dedicate themselves
spiritually in the way you are talking about. 

[more deleted]

do you think this is what christianity is all about?  not all
christians believe in this particular story literally.  it sounds
above like you are supporting a policy of "to each his own" -- here is
another example of that.  if it helps someone's faith to take every
word of the bible literally, i support and respect that, too.


please don't judge all of christianity by one man.  the only man one
can truly judge all of christianity by is jesus (makes sense, right?).

i think his point about how we put our lives into little boxes is very
true -- what does your comment about robertson have to do with that?



i was raised agnostic -- my father was never baptised and was raised
atheist.  he is not an atheist because he found a close-mindedness
present in the viewpoint of his parents equal to the close-mindedness
he found in the viewpoint of the christians he came in contact with.
thus i was _free_ to choose how to live my life, and he supported the
decision i made to join the episcopal church, although he emphasized
to me that his respect for my beliefs should result in my not
intruding on his beliefs, ie, i should not try to convert him, as that
is his decision.  (please, no flames or advice on how to convert him!)
one of my good friends is hindi and i greatly respect her
beliefs and the culture surrounding her religion.  my best friend is
jewish and i have always held a profound resepct for the jewish
religion (chaim potok and isaac bashevis singer are two of my favorite
authors).  i really do not think you can make that kind of
generalization about how christians choose -- and i do mean CHOOSE--
their faith.  if they have not consciously accepted the faith in their
adult lives (which is what confirmation represents), THEN you can talk
about their being brainwashed.

   without active participation.  If you know the Latin, one really
   beautiful way to hear the Passion is it's being chanted by three
   deacons:  the Narrator chants in the middle baritone range, Jesus chants
   in the bass, and others directly quoted are handled by a high tenor.

I heard the Gregorian chant of the Passion on Good Friday.  In this
liturgy, our Lord is definitely *very* sad.  It's as if He has
resigned Himself to die for these poor pitiful creatures who are
killing Him.

I'm curious about this statement, is it a known understanding amongst
Christian believers that people who don't understand the Christian
doctrines are enjoying this state? I come from a background with 
a heavy Christian teaching (Lutheran church), and consider myself
knowledgeable with the basic understandings of Christianity. At the 
same time I'm *not* proud of things I don't understand or know of at
this point of time. Ignorance is not bliss!

Cheers,
Kent
 > repeated lives on earth.

Dennis, I'm astounded. I didn't know you were interested to even
study such filth as alt.sex.stories provide...

Cheers,
Kent


	Just wondering, do you mean the "Lectorium Rosicrucianum"?
Warning: There is no point in arguing who's "legit" and who's not. *WHICH*
Golden Dawn are you talking about?

	Just for the sake of argument, (reflecting NO affiliation)
I am going to say that the TRUE Rosicrucian Order is the Fraternitas
Rosae Crucis in Quakertown, Penn.,

	Any takers? :-)

Fraternally,


There is a certain truth to this statement. Only I would use the word
"medicine" instead of drug.  With regard to the condition of the human
soul, Christianity is first and foremost a healing medicine.  It also
strengthens and enables one, as healing takes hold, to grow in new
strength and health to live and be and to do that for which God created 
us.


Christ's medicine, rightly allowed to work, brings one nearer to
reality and offers the clarity of understanding and the strength
of spirit with which to meet it in a healthy human way.


(small spelling correction added)

Okay, lets get the record straight on the Livermore gas gun.  
The project manager is Dr. John Hunter, and he works for the
Laser group at Livermore.  What, you may ask, does gas guns
have to do with lasers? Nothing, really, but the gun is physically
located across the road from the Free Electron Laser building,
and the FEL building has a heavily shielded control room (thick walls)
from which the gun firings are controlled.  So I suspect that the
office he works for is an administrative convenience.

I visited Hunter at the beginning of Feb. and we toured the gun.
At the time I was working on gas gun R&D at Boeing, where I work,
but I am now doing other things (helping to save the space station),

The gun uses a methane-air mixture, which is burned in a chamber
about 200 ft long by 16 inch ID (i.e. it looks like a pipe).
The chamber holds a 1 ton piston which is propelled at several
hundred m/s down the chamber.  On the other side of the piston
is hudrogen gas, initially at room temperature andsome tens
of atmospheres.

The piston compresses and heats the hydrogen ahead of it until
a stainless steel burst diaphragm ruptures, at around 50,000 psi.
The barrel of the gun is about 100 feet long and has a 4 inch
bore.  It is mounted at right angles to the chamber (i.e. they
intersect).  This was done so that in the future, the barrel
could be raised and the gun fired into the air without having to
move the larger and heavier chamber.  The projectile being used
in testing is a 5 kg cylinder of Lexan plastic, 4 in in diameter
and about 50 cm long.

All of the acceleration comes from the expansion of the hydrogen
gas from 50,000 psi downwards until the projectile leaves the
barrel.  The barrel is evacuated, and the end is sealed with a
sheet of plastic film (a little thicker than Saran wrap).  The
plastic is blown off by the small amount of residual air trapped
in the barrel ahead of the projectile.  

The gun is fired into a bunker filled with sandbags and plastic
water jugs.  In the early testing fragments of the plastic
projectile were found.  At the higher speeds in later testing,
the projectile vaporizes.

The testing is into a bunker because the Livermore test range is
about 3 miles across, and the projectile would go 100-200 km
if fired for maximum range.  The intent is to move the whole gun
to Vandenberg AFB after the testing is complete, where they can
fire into the Pacific Ocean, and use the tracking radar at VAFB
to follow the projectiles.

The design goal of the gun is to throw a 5 kg projectile at 4
km/s (half of orbital speed).  So far they have reached 2 km/s,
and the gun is currently down for repairs, as on the last test
they blew a seal and damaged some of the hardware (I think it
had to do with the methane-air more detonating than burning, but
I haven't had a chance to talk to Hunter directly on this).

There are people waiting to test scramjet components in this
gun by firing then out of the gun into the air (at Mach 12=
4 km/s), since the most you can get in wind tunnels is Mach 8.

This gun cost about 4 million to develop, and is basically
a proof-of-concept for a bigger gun capable of firing useful-
sized payloads into space.  This would require on the order of
100 kg projectiles, which deliver on the order of 20 kg
useful payload to orbit.

Dani Eder

Ann Jackson (ajackson@cs.ubc.ca) wrote on 5 May:




I would like to submit the following which helped me enormously.
If it has already been posted, I apologize.

It seems that during the Middle Ages, it was customary for pastors to 
explain the Trinity to their parishoners by analogy to water.
Water is water, but can exist in three forms--liquid, ice and vapor.
Thus it is possible for one essence to exist in three forms.

And recently, the pastor of my church drew an analogy, which I
also found useful--A woman is often percieved by others in three
ways, depending on their relationship to her--a mother, a wife and
an employee in a business.

Thus, it seems clear to me that the essence of God can subsist in
the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit or, depending on one's particular
need for Him.
Comet P/Helin-Roman-Crockett also spent some time as a temporary
satellite to Jupiter a few years ago if you believe the calculations
by Tancredi, G., Lindgren, M. and  Rickman, H.(Astron. Astrophys., 
239, pp. 375-380, 1990).
-- 


-------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Noel,

I've made some attempts to write a converter that reads Adobe Type 1 fonts,
triangulates them, bevelizes them and extrudes them to result in a generic
3d object which could be used with PoV f.i.

The problem I'm currently stuck on is that theres no algorithm which
triangulates any arbitrary polygonal shape. Delaunay seems to be limited
to convex hulls. Constrained delaunay may be okay, but I have no code
example of how to do it.

Another way to do the bartman may be

- TGA2POV
- A selfmade variation of this, using heightfields.

  Create a b/w picture (BIG) of the text you need, f.i. using a PostScript
  previewer. Then, use this as a heightfield. If it is white on black,
  the heightfield is exactly the images white parts (it's still open
  on the backside). To close it, mirror it and compound it with the original.

Example:

object {
   union {
      height_field { gif "abp2.gif" }
      height_field { gif "abp2.gif" scale <1 -1 1>}
   }
   texture {
      Glass
   }
   translate <-0.5 0 -0.5>      //center
   rotate <-90 0 0>             // rotate upwards
   scale  <10 5 100>            // scale bigger and thicker
   translate <0 2 0>            // final placement
}


abp2.gif is a GIF of arbitrary size containing "ABP" black on white in
Times-Roman 256 points.


Hi,
  See Roger Grywalski's response to :

Re: Help on network visualization

in comp.graphics.visualization.

Amongst other things, it does exactly this!



Note that I said the fall of Rome, not of the Empire.  The Roman Empire
lasted until 1453, with its transfered capital in Constantinople.  The
main reason for it's fall was not so much the sack of Constantinople by
the men of the 4th Crusade (who were not Christians - they had been
excommunicated down to the last man after attacking the Christian city
of Zara in Croatia), but rather the disastorous defeat in the battle of
Mazinkert.  After the Turks breached the frontier, it was only a matter
of time before the Empire fell, the inability of the Empire to hold onto
the rim of Anatolia, with the Ottomans and Rum Seljuks in the middle
should be quite obvious to any student of history.  The sack of
Constantinople only hastened the inevitable along.  For if the Greeks
had wanted to save their empire, why would they not cooperate with the
Crusaders when they came to do battle with the Saracens in the 1st-3rd
Crusades?  Because of their obstinacy over cooperating with people they
considered heretics, even though those "heretics" were fighting for the
cause of the Empire and Christendom in doing battle with the Turkish
hordes in Anatolia, Edessa, Lebanon, Palastine, and Syria, the some
hordes who were to later sack Constantinople, and overrun a third of
Europe (the Balkans, Hungary, the Ukraine, the Caucasus, etc.)

	Ok, so how about the creation of oil producing bacteria?  I figure
that if you can make them to eat it up then you can make them to shit it.
Any comments?

OK, here's at least one Christian's answer:

Jesus was a JEW, not a Christian.  In this context Matthew 5:14-19 makes
sense.  Matt 5:17 "Do not think that I [Jesus] came to abolish the Law or
the Prophets; I did not come to abolish, but to fulfill."  Jesus lived
under the Jewish law.  However, He was the culmination of the promises
of the Prophets.  He came to *fulfill* the prophecies and fully obey
God's purposes.

Verse 18 says "For truly I say to you, until heaven and earth pass
away, not the smallest letter or stroke shall pass away from the Law,
until all is accomplished."  The key to this verse IMHO is the last 
phrase.  Jesus, as the fulfillment of the law, "accomplished" what the 
Law was supposed to accomplish.  

Verse 19:  "Whoever then annuls one of the least of these commandments,
and so teaches others, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven;
but whoever keeps and teaches them, he shall be called great in the
kingdom of heaven."  Taken in the context of Jesus teaching Jewish 
people about living lives under the law, this makes sense.

In general, it appears that Jesus is responding to some criticism he 
must have received about "doing away with the Law."  That was not 
Jesus' intent at all.  He had come to earth to live the Law as it 
should be lived and fulfill the promises made by God to his 
people all the way back to Eve [Gen 3:15-The serpent will bruise your 
heel, but *He* will bruise his head.]  Jesus appeared to be "doing 
away with the Law" because he did not honor the traditions of men as 
equal to the Law of God.  He regularly locked horns with the religious 
leaders of the day because he would not conform to *their* rules, only 
God's Law.

In the Matthew passage Jesus is defending his dedication to the Law 
and defending himself against his accusors.  Almost the entire Sermon 
on the Mount (Matt. 5-7) is dedicated to helping the Jewish people 
understand the true intent of the Law, sweeping away the clutter which 
had been introduced by the Pharasees and their traditions.

In Galatians 3:23-26, Paul describes the relationship of Jesus to the 
Law in this way:

[23] But before faith came, we were kept in custody under the law, being 
shut up to the faith which was later to be revealed.  [24] Therefore 
the Law has become our tutor to lead us to Christ, that we may be 
justified by faith.  [25]  But now that faith has come, we are no 
longer under a tutor.  [26] For you are all sons of God through faith 
in Christ Jesus.

I believe this says that after Christ was revealed, the Law had 
served it's purpose, i.e. "our tutor to lead us to Christ," and
now, "we are no longer under a tutor."  The law has been "fulfilled" 
as Christ said he would do.

God, the author of the old Law, and the Christ/Man, Jesus, are the same
personality.  Therefore, the old Law and the new Testament (the "last
will and testament" of Jesus) are based on the same moral principles. 
It makes sense that many of the principles in the old Law are
re-expressed in Christianity. 

On the other hand, now that the Law has fulfilled it's purpose and 
Christians relate to God through Christ, not the Law, it also makes 
sense that new practices and new symbolisms were established to 
represent the "mysteries" of this new relationship.  i.e. Baptism 
representing Christ's death, burial, and resurrection (Rom. 6:3-8),
The Lord's supper as a memorial to His sacrifice (I Cor. 11:26), and
Sunday as a day of worship commemorating His resurrection (Matt 28:1ff,
Acts 20:7)

OK, That's one Christian's explanation.  I don't claim to have all
these issues completely settled even in my own mind and I welcome
other Christians to offer other alternatives.

Please excuse the long posting.  Thanks for your interest if you have read 
this far...

Wow! A 68070! I'd be very interested to get my hands on one of these,
especially considering the fact that Motorola has not yet released the
68060, which is supposedly the next in the 680x0 lineup. 8-D


   >This is turning into 'what's a moonbase good for', and I ought not
   >to post when I've a hundred some odd posts to go, but I would
   >think that the real reason to have a moon base is economic.
   >
   >Since someone with space industry will presumeably have a much
   >larger GNP than they would _without_ space industry, eventually,
   >they will simply be able to afford more stuff.

   If I read you right, you're saying in essence that, with a larger
   economy, nations will have more discretionary funds to *waste* on a
   lunar facility. That was certainly partially the case with Apollo,
   but real Lunar colonies will probably require a continuing
   military, scientific, or commercial reason for being rather than
   just a "we have the money, why not?" approach.

Ah, but the whole point is that money spent on a lunar base is not
wasted on the moon. It's not like they'd be using $1000 (1000R?) bills
to fuel their moon-dozers. The money to fund a lunar base would be
spent in the country to which the base belonged. It's a way of funding
high-tech research, just like DARPA was a good excuse to fund various
fields of research, under the pretense that it was crucial to the
defense of the country, or like ESPRIT is a good excuse for the EC to
fund research, under the pretense that it's good for pan-European
cooperation.

Now maybe you think that government-funded research is a waste of
money (in fact, I'm pretty sure you do), but it does count as
investment spending, which does boost the economy (and just look at
the size of that multiplier :->).
Hi all!
	I've just recently become seriously hooked on POV, but there are a few
thing that I want to do that POV won't do (penumbral shadows, dispersion
etc.). I was just wondering: what other shareware/freeware raytracers are
out there, and what can they do? I've heard of Vivid and Polyray and 
Rayshade and so on, but I'd rather no wade through several hundred pages of 
manual for each trying to work out what their capabilities are. Can anyone
help? A comparison of tracing speed between each program would also be 
mucho useful.
											Mark.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mark Mackey                 | Life is a terminal disease and oxygen is         
mmackey@aqueous.ml.csiro.au | addictive. Are _you_ hooked?                  
I have a problem with intersections between two surfaces.
Does anybody have a easy to understand algorithm for that or maybe
even C source??


:>re: majority of users not readding from floppy.
:>Well, how about those of us who have 1400-picture CD-ROMS and would like to use
:>CVIEW because it is fast and it works well, but can't because the moron lacked
:>the foresight to create the temp file in the program's path, not the current
:>didrectory?


:  Actually the most flexible way to create temp files is to check for a TEMP or
: TMP environment variable and create the files on the drive and directory pointedto by the variable.  This is pretty much a standard for DOS, Windows and OS/2
: applications.

Unfortunately, cview does not pay attention to the temp environment variable.
I appreciate if anyone can point out some good books about the dead sea
scrolls of Qumran. Thanks in advance.

[deleted]

I can't speak for Mr. Cavano, but I understood his comment to refer to 
the idea that unrecognized pantheism is dangerous to Christians.  If we 
unthinkingly adopt pantheistic ideas that are opposed to Christianity, 
we can pervert our faith.  When we clearly recognize pantheism when we 
encounter it we have the opportunity to embrace what is consistent with 
Christianity and reject what isn't.    

We need to be alert, always thinking and questioning.  We must examine 
the underlying assumptions of every book we read, tv program we watch 
and socio-political movement we participate in.  Ideas are important.  
Philosophies and doctrines are what give form to the events of our 
lives.  They are the basis from which we live our lives of love and 
service.  The command to love God with all one's mind means no fuzzy-
headed drifting from idea to idea. 


One Christian who acknowledges this is the Pope.  It is a frequent theme 
in his writings.  Indeed, thoughtful Christians from most traditions 
recognize that consumerism has no place in the lives of Christians.  It 
too is a perversion and dangerous to our faith.  Thank you, Jack, for 
pointing out the parallel. 

If you are looking for viewer try VPIC60
*******
*******  This is somewhat long, but pleas read it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*******



Boy am i glad you decided to read this. I've got a problem that 
I need as many people's help from as possible.

Before I go in to the details of this, let me go ahead and tell
you that (though it may sound it) this is not one of those boy
meets girl problem...at least not totally like that to me....Anyway...

OK, I am a 19 year old Sophmore at NCSU. About 10 years ago, my family
and I were vacationing at the coast in a cottage we rented. Across the
street, was ths girl who would whistle at me whenever she saw me...
her name in Erin. Well, we became friends that week at the beach and have
been writing each other for about 10 years....there was a period of about
2 years we lost contact..but that was a while ago. 

By the way...Erin lives in Kansas and me in NC.

OK, last year in one of her letters, she says that she is coming
back to NC to see some of her family who are gonna be there. So I
drove about 4 hours to see her. This is where it begins....I spent
the whole day with Erin....one of the best days of my life. Even though
we had been writing each other, we still had to get used to being
in person....she has got to be the most incredible woman I ever met.
(She's one year older than me BTW). I mean, no person in the world could
ask for a better person. Not only was she incredibly beautiful (not to 
mention WAY out of my league...although I'm  not unattractive mind you), but
she had a great personality and a great sence of humor. Her family
is one of those families who goes to church but that is about the
extent of their Christianity...you know the kind of people. But she
knows I am a Christian. 

Well, you get the idea of what I think of her. If there is ever such
a thing as love at first sight....I found it. That was last year...I kid
you not when I say that I have thought about her EVERY day since then.

In out letters, Erin and I always kid each other about not finding
dates..(which is true for me, but I know it can't be for her).
She has had some problems at home, her folks split up and she ended
up leaving school....Now we are at the present...

Let me give you part of the letter I got from her last week....


"Okay, now I'm going to try to explain my life to you. I'm not
going to KU anymore because something just isn't right. College
just wasn't clicking with me here. Greek life is really big here and
that just isn't my way. I wasn't taking any classes that truly interested
me & i really have no idea of what i want to do with my life. I was
interested in something medical (Physical Therpy) & I love working with 
kids, but 'it' just didn't work for me at this university. And my parents
could tell.

"So I'm working full time at the Bass Store [Bass shoes that is] and now
I have a part-time job at a local daycare. I work in the infant room
M-W-F. I've really enjoyed it so far. It spices up my week a little bit and 
it's great experience.

"As of now, I'm not planning on going back to school in the very
near future. The main reason being my indecision on what I want to
study. But I definatley plan on going back within the next couple of
years. Where? I have no idea--except for one thing, it won't be
to Kansas.

"Right noew I'm discussing a promotion with my boss and district 
manager. It looks like I'll train at the store I work at now for
about 4-6 months as Assistant Manager and when that's done, I'll 
basically be given a list of stores (newly or soon to be built) to 
chose where i would like to manage. I've pretty much decided on either
one of the Carolinas (hopeully close to the beach) Wouldn't it
be fun to actually see each other more than once every few years??
What do you think abou that? I would like to know your opinion.

"This job would pretty much be temporary. But it is VERY GOOD pay
and any thye of management experience would look good on an application
or resume. The company is solid and treats it employees very well. Good
benefits, bonuses & medical plans. Plus- after 1 year of full-time
service, they will reimburse tuition. I do have school money waitng
for me, but this will help, especially since I will probably end up 
paying out of state tuition wherever I go.

"Chris, i really would like to know what you think of my decision. I 
respect your opinion. I've been completely lost for what to do for 
soooo long that when the opportunity came along it sounded really 
good. I do like my job although I'm about 99.9% sure that i want
to do more with my life than reatil management..but it IS something.
I don't think earning about $20,000 a year for a 20 year old female
is too bad. 

"Anyway, onto your career decisions. I'll solve your problem right now,
MARRY ME...

"You can do your pilot thing-- I like to be by myself sometimes! Seriously
(or not as seriously)- do what will make you the happiest, worry about the
home life later."

***********

OK, well I'm sure you see what has got me so uptight. What do you
think she meant about the marraige thing?? 

I dream at night about marrying her, and then she mentions it in her
letter!!! I don't know what to think??

Since she wants to move to the Carolina's should i search out a 
Bass store near here and aske her to come to Carolina???

I always pick on those people who graduate from high school and
get married....but what does she mean??? 

I've had a lot of stress lately with exams and also the fact that 
I don't date beacause 1) No time  2) Not that much $$ 3) that
most college women are wrapped up in the social scene with  the
Greeks whic as a Christian I can't support-----and here
she says she doesn't like the Greek thing either!!

Maybe I'm so stunned because there is actually a girl that I am
so attracted to paying some real attention to me.

I mean, what if she did move to NC...what would I do??? I'm
only 19 and she 20....I'm only a Sophmore struggling through
classes..

I have prayed about this over the past year from time to time..
saying, "God if she is the right one, let the situation open up.."

Could this be my sign???

I would do ANYTHING to get her to NC...here is some moree that makes 
it worse..

Should I call her?? I'm terrible over the phone. I don't even like
to talk to my friends here for longer than 3 minutes.

I mean, what would a girl as perfect as her want with a very
average guy like me??

I'm really confused....I would really appreciate any help i can get.

Thanx 

Chris
The last state church was in Massachusetts.  Sam Adams, the patriot-brewmaster,
during his tenure as governor after the Revolutionary War got it passed.
I believe it was eliminated around 1820.
RE: Red, wwhite, and black, the colors of the Imperial German war-flag --

Well, looking at the videos it seems that this fire started in various
places at the same time, which would indicate that this was a planned
action. I'm sure FBI and BATF didn't *deliberately* start a possible
fire, having a sniper kill Korresh would have been a far easier 
method. Looking at the careful operation, and use of tear gas
that as I know don't start fires, it is less likely that this 
was the case.

Sorry, but my bets are on fanatical people keen to start
Armageddon -- theirs.

Cheers,
Kent

This algorithm works well for me:

Algorithm to attempt to find outward-facing normals:
---------------------------------------------------
First, mark all faces as UNKNOWN.

Then create an edge dictionary that allows you to find all of the
faces sharing a given edge (where an edge is two integers representing
the two shared vertices).

Pick an arbitrary face and mark it COUNTER_CLOCKWISE.  Using the edge
dictionary, orient all surrounding faces based on the orientation of
this face.  And recurse for all surrounding faces, consistently
orienting the entire surface.

Find the average of the vertices in this surface.  Using that point,
calculate a volume measurement, taking into account the face's
orientation.  If the volume turns out to be positive, assume the faces
are oriented correctly.  If it is negative, reverse their orientations
(mark them CLOCKWISE).

If any faces are still UNKNOWN after this, choose another face
and go through the algorithm again.

At the end, faces marked CLOCKWISE must have their indices reversed
before facet normals are found.

(Note: if you are running on Silicon Graphics machines and buy the
IRIS Inventor 3D toolkit developers package you have the source to
this algorithm-- see /usr/src/Inventor/tools/ivnorm/.  If you're
not... sorry, I can't give out the source, and even if I could it
relies heavily on Inventor).
I must correct the following in my previous posting:
 
: If you are trying to be objective, you must also recognise that
: 
: 1) the gospels are not independent sources, on the contrary, they
: share much of the same material

I should have been a bit more careful here - the gospels not only
tell us about the same events, they usually use the same wordings.
Textual analyses show that Matthew and Luke probably had a common
source, which may have influenced Mark, too.

Petri

 
     If you have the GRASP animation system, then yes, it's quite easy.
You simply use GLIB to extract the image (each "frame" in a .GL is
actually a complete .PCX or .CLP file), then use one of MANY available
utilities to convert it.  If you don't have the GRASP package, I'm afraid
I can't help you.  Sorry.
     By the way, before you ask, GRASP (GRaphics Animation System for
Professionals) is a commercial product that sells for just over US$300
from most mail-order companies I've seen.  And no, I don't have it.  :)
 
 
                                               Corey Webb
 

I am asking you to believe in things not visible. I don't know if this is
believeing blindly or not. I'm not sure how blindness comes into it. I do
not deny reason, indeed I insist upon it, but reason only draws conclusions
from evidence. If you decide in advance that your reason will act only on
the evidence of the five physical senses, then you cut reason off from any
possibility of reaching a conclusion outside the physical sphere (beyond the
rather provocative, if inconclusive, conclusion that the physical sphere
is not self explanatory). 

Christians claim that they have received a different kind of evidence, 
which they call faith, and which is a gift of God. That is, this evidence
is the evidence of a thing which chooses to reveal or hide itself. The 
evidence of the senses cannot tell you is such a ting exists. Reasoning
on the evidence of the senses won't help either. But Christians do reason
of the evidence of faith, and do claim that this evidence is wholly
consistent with the evidence of the other senses, and indeed, that the
evidence of these other senses is part of God's revelation of himself
to us.

It is not necessarilly the case however that knowledge of a God must come
through this route. There may be other senses than the physical ones
providing evidence of non-physical realities. (There may, of course, be
physical realities of a type for which we have no corresponding senses, for
all we know.) These senses, if they exist, may provide valid evidence for
reason to work on. And, as with all senses, these senses may be impaired
in some people, that is, they may be spiritually blind. In this sense,
belief in God becomes an act of sight, and it is disbelief which is blind.

Faith, as I have said, is not opposed to reason, it is simply a new source 
of evidence on which reason may operate. It is clear that human beings
have many systems for explaining the evidence of the physical senses, and
similarly there are many systems for explaining the evidence provided by
faith. Religious believers in general, and Christians in particular, use
reason to help sift through the evidence to come to a clearer understanding
of the evidence provided by faith. Science claims, with good reason, to be
the most valid system for explaining the physical universe, and Christianity
claims, also with good reason, to be the most valid system, possessed of the
best evidence, for explaining Gods revelations of himself to man.

If you doubt that Christians use reason, read this newsgroup for a while
and you will see rational debate aplenty.
[4) "Nothing unclean shall enter [heaven]" (Rev. 21.27). Therefore,
babies are born in such a state that should they die, they are cuf off
from God and put in hell, which is exactly the doctrine of St. Augustine
and St. Thomas.  Of coures, having only original sins on thier souls,
they suffer the lightest punishment, the loss of the vision oand
presence of God, but that does not change the undeniable fact that they
cannot possibly come to a forgivenss of original sin, nor can they
inherit eternal life.  "That," as St. Augustine said, "Is what the
Pelagian heretics taught."  Which is why he said later, "If you want to
be a Christian, do not teach that unbaptized infants can come to a
forgivenss of original sin."]


Well said, Michael!

The Catholic traditon has a list of behaviours called the Spiritual 
Works of Mercy:

admonish the sinner
instruct the ignorant
counsel the doubtful
comfort the sorrowful
bear wrongs patiently
forgive all injury
pray for the living and the dead (yes, I know there is some controversy 
                           on this and I don't want to argue about it.)

These are all things that have a direct application to usenet.  People 
ask questions and express doubts.  Some are in need of comfort or 
prayers.  Imagine what would happen to flame wars if we bore wrongs 
patiently and forgave injuries.   I would add that it is probably more 
appropriate to do any admonishing by private email than publicly.
hi all,

IN SHORT: looking for very fast assembly code for line/circle drawing
	  on SVGA graphics.

COMPLETE:
	I am thinking of a simple but fast molecular
graphics program to write on PC or clones. (ball-and-stick type)

Reasons: programs that I've seen are far too slow for this purpose.

Platform: 386/486 class machine.
	  800x600-16 or 1024x728-16 VGA graphics
		(speed is important, 16-color for non-rendering
		 purpose is enough; may stay at 800x600 for
		 speed reason.)
         (hope the code would be generic enough for different SVGA
          cards.  My own card is based on Trident 8900c, not VESA?)

What I'm looking for?
1) fast, very fast routines to draw lines/circles/simple-shapes
   on above-mentioned SVGA resolutions.
   Presumably in assembly languagine.
	Yes, VERY FAST please.
2) related codes to help rotating/zooming/animating the drawings on screen.
   Drawings for beginning, would be lines, circles mainly, think of
   text, else later.
   (you know, the way molecular graphics rotates, zooms a molecule)
2) and any other codes (preferentially in C) that can help the 
   project.

Final remarks;-
non-profit.  expected to become share-, free-ware.

	Any help is appreciated.
	thanks

-Frankie
lau@tammy.harvard.edu
Hello...

    Does anyone know of any C or C++ function libraries in the public domain
 that assist in parsing an AUTOCAD .dxf file?  

    Please e-mail.


                                Thanks,

-- 

/(hudson)
/If all morality were relative- big hairy deal.

As I said, you appear to be the only person saying that all morality
is relative.  Most people I know do hold some absolutes in their
moral system.

I >>personally<< believe that the dignity of the individual and the right
of free will are absolutes.  I recognize that there are some moral
systems around which don't accept this; I reject them as dangerous
and anti-social (nazism, some forms of communism, fundamentalist
xtianity--no, that's not a slam).  But for the most part, almost
every moral system agrees on these two points.




(me)


/(hudson)
/Generally, Christians believe in a Creator-Creation distinction.  Other
/religions believe in one big whole.   I don't accept yor premises.

Too bad.  I know I'm right, so I get to enforce my view upon you whether
you like my premise or not.  And since you can't prove otherwise, there
isn't even an intellectual basis for your resistance to accepting my
viewpoint.






/(hudson)
/I don't think so.  once morality becomes relative, it degenerates.  I am
/saying that reasoning that it is generally evil to hurt other people is bad.
/(though I don't think it is sufficient.)  


Well, then answer me this:   you seem to be opposed to moral relativism
(as you call it) because it has the capacity to degenerate.  Obviously,
then, you would advocate a nonrelative (absolute) moral system.

Whose absolutist moral system do we choose?  

How do we come to this decision?

What about people who disagree with the chosen moral system?





/(hudson)
/But if morality is considered to
/be relative, and this rule isn't based on anything, but is just an arbitrary
/rule, people might abandon it.

Fine.  I can agree with most of what you typed here.  However, just because
morality gets based on something nonrelative does NOT mean that we have to
pick your xtianity as its base.

Precisely.

There's no objective medicine; some people get marvellous results from
alternative therapy, others only respond to traditional medicine.

There's no objective physics; Einstein and Bohr have told us that.

There's no objective reality.  LSD should be sufficient to prove that.


I consider it to be a useful fiction; an abstract ideal we can strive
towards.  Like an ideal gas or a light inextensible string, it doesn't
actually exist; but we can talk about things as if they were like it, and not
be too far wrong.







Phil> Didn't one of the early jet fighters have these?  I also think
Phil> the germans did some work on these in WWII.

The NACA came up with them before World War II.  NASA is directly
descended from the NACA, with space added in.

You'll notice that I didn't mention sweep wings even though the
X-5, tested at what's now Dryden, had them.  We did steal that one
dirctly from the Germans.  The difference is that swept wings don't
change their angle of sweep, sweep wings do.  Perhaps the similarity
of names has caused some confusion?  747s have swept wings, F-111s
have sweep wings.


Phil> A lot of this was also done by the military...

After NASA aerodynamicists proposed them and NASA test teams
demonstrated them.  Richard Whitcomb and R.T. Jones, at Langley
Research Center, were giants in the field.

Dryden was involved in the flight testing of winglets and area
ruling (in the 70s and 50s, respectively).  It's true that we
used military aircraft as the testbeds (KC-135 and YF-102) but
that had more to do with availability and need than with military
involvement.  The YF-102 was completely ours and the KC-135 was
bailed to us.  The Air Force, of course, was interested in our
results and supportive of our efforts.

Dryden flew the first digital fly by wire aircraft in the 70s. No
mechnaical or analog backup, to show you how confident we were.
General Dynamics decided to make the F-16 flyby-wire when they saw how
successful we were.  (Mind you, the Avro Arrow and the X-15 were both
fly-by-wire aircraft much earlier, but analog.)

Phil> Egad! I'm disagreeing with Mary Shafer!  

The NASA habit of acquiring second-hand military aircraft and using
them for testbeds can make things kind of confusing.  On the other
hand, all those second-hand Navy planes give our test pilots a chance
to fold the wings--something most pilots at Edwards Air Force Base
can't do.


TO: saz@hook.corp.mot.com


SZ>Does anybody know of a program that converts .GIF files to .BMP files
SZ>and if so, where can I ftp it from?  Any help would be greatly
SZ>appreciated.

  Sure... A GREAT shareware  program is Graphic Workshop (the newest
  version is 6.1).  Although I don't know where you can ftp it from.  It
  also converts to about 15 other formats, and does MANY other things.

....r.c V.t.ell. .r...

[ a lot of religious opinions and quotations from the Bible and from 
many Catholic theologians and Papal Bulls ]

[ which, although introduced with a smiley, was not as funny as it
might have been (notable exception: subject headers such as "ONE'S 
DICK IS ONE'S INSTRUMENT OF REDEMPTION." ]

[ and indeed, the posting seemed to be more a vehicle for the
religious text than for any "literary/moral analysis" ]

I am surprised and saddened. I would expect this kind of behavior
from the Evangelical Born-Again Gospel-Thumping In-Your-Face We're-
The-Only-True-Christian Protestants, but I have always thought 
that Catholics behaved better than this.

Friend Dennis, I urge you to follow the example of your fellow
Catholics, of who I count many dozens as my friends, and practice
your faith through good example and decent living and respect
for the common humanity of others. Please do not stoop to the
level of the E B-A G-T I-Y-F W-T-O-T-C Protestants, who think
that the best way to witness is to be strident, intrusive, loud,
insulting and overbearingly self-righteous.

The imagery in the Song of Solomon is a little bit dated (get it? 
Middle East - date palms - oh, never mind) but apparently acceptable, 
on a steaminess level, to be accepted as part of the canon. From
this fact I derive that erotica itself is not incompatible with
Catholic doctrine.

Is there such a thing as Catholic erotica? Not necessarily a love
story between people of that faith, but a love story that is not
exploitative, does not seek redemption through penis size, pays
proper respect to the dignity of each partner, and is still erotic
enough to have a place on a.s.s.

I would submit that the _Darknites_ series of stories qualify, also
most of the _Journal Entries_, and _Rings I and II_.

I would guess that your aim is to cut down on the pornography and
increase the erotica. I actually agree with you that nearly all of
the "I've got an enormous dick, and I shot my wad all over her face"
stories are crap. I count them as noise, which makes my take on the
signal-to-noise ration much lower than many other people's.

Since you are one of the few posters here who can actually write 
decent prose, could you write a few stories for us instead of
overwhelming us with commentary?  

-- 
Thank you.
I saw in the newspaper last night that Dr. Mae Jemison, the first
black woman in space (she's a physician and chemical engineer who flew
on Endeavour last year) will appear as a transporter operator on the
"Star Trek: The Next Generation" episode that airs the week of May 31.
It's hardly space science, I know, but it's interesting.

Bill, I have taken the time to explain that biblical scholars consider the
Josephus reference to be an early Christian insert.  By biblical scholar I mean
an expert who, in the course of his or her research, is willing to let the
chips fall where they may.  This excludes literalists, who may otherwise be
defined as biblical apologists.  They find what they want to find.  They are
not trustworthy by scholarly standards (and others).

Why an insert?  Read it - I have, a number of times.  The passage is glaringly
out of context, and Josephus, a superb writer, had no such problem elsewhere 
in his work.  The passage has *nothing* to do with the subject matter in which 
it lies.  It suddenly appears and then just as quickly disappears.

Until you can demonstrate how and why the scholarly community is wrong about
the Josephus insert, your "proof" is meaningless and it should not be repeated
here.  What's more, even if Josephus happened to be legitimate, it would "prove"
nothing.  Scholars speak of the "weight of evidence."  Far more independent
evidence would be required to validate your claim.  Until forthcoming, your
belief is based on faith.  That's OK, but you exceed your rights when you pass
faith off as fact.

As for the gospels, there are parallels, but there are also glaring
inconsistencies and contradictions.  Shouldn't a perfect canon be perfect? 
Shouldn't there be absolutely no room for debate?  I suggest you read _Gospel 
Fictions_ by Randel Helms, and _The Unauthorized Version_ by Robin Fox (for 
Herb Huston, no known kinship or familial relationship, but we do indeed share 
an evolutionary ancestry).

The fact that there are inconsistencies, gaps and contradictions does not deny
your position.  On the other hand, neither do the gospels "prove" your faith. 
Independent evidence is necessary, and I know of none (which we have already
discussed, and so far you have not provided any).  Until then, its faith. 
Moreover, you have committed a fundamental error in logic.  You have attempted
to "prove" your claim with that which you want to prove.  Its no different than
saying "I am right because I say so."  

Your logic is full of circles.  It reminds me a bit of the 1910 Presbyterian 
General Assembly.  The assembly defined five fundamentals (this is where
"fundamentalist" came from) of orthodox Protestant Christianity, to wit: 1)
Jesus performed miracles, 2) Jesus was born of a virgin, 3) Jesus was bodily
resurrected, 4) Jesus' crucifixion atoned for human sin, and - here is the
clincher - 5) the bible is the inerrant word of God.  Presbyterians construe
"inerrant" broadly as spritually inerrant.  Fundamentalists take the
first four as literally true, and then validate them with a literally inerrant
bible, which contains the first four, and which is the only thing known to 
contain the first four.  

Smoke and mirrors and wands and hand waving if ever there was!

Its faith, Bill.  You don't have any more or better truths than anyone else. 
Whatever works for you.  Just don't foist it on others. 

Regards,
Please realize that I am frequently getting in trouble for
straying from orthodoxy, but here is my opinion:


I never thought of these two ideas being "against" each other.
People might quibble about what "intrinsically" means but the
reason we are sinners is because we do not behave as good as we
are. The message of Christ is that each of us are not only good,
but great, that we can approach perfection, albeit perhaps through a 
different technique than you claim Buddhism teaches. Because we do
not realize our greatness, we sin. Peter had no problem walking 
on water until a little doubt crept in.

Doesn't David ask in the 8th Psalm "what is man that you [God] 
should care for him, but you have made him just a little lower 
than the angels"?

I probably exagerate in my mind what a scrawny little kid David
was, just as I probably exagerate what a gigantic monster Goliath
was, but David's power easily defeated Goliath's.

Remember the rich young man who comes up to Jesus and asks what
he can do to enter the Kingdom, Jesus says follow the commandments.
I always picture the smug look on his face as he says he's done that
his whole life, probably anticipating an "attaboy" from the 
Messiah. Instead Jesus gives him a harder task, sell everything
and follow Him. Jesus is raising the bar. The desciples say
how can anyone do this if it's so hard even for rich people.
Jesus says anyone can do it, with God's help.

Jesus says not only can we avoid killing people, we can avoid
getting angry at people. Not only can we avoid committing
adultery, we can control our own desires. 

I realize this was not your main point, but I wonder how other
people see this. 


(Please forgive any generalizations I am about to make.)

Your point about how "hard" other religions are is a good one, just 
as your "Parting Question" is a tough question. I think that Muslims
worship the same God as I do, we can learn from their name "submission".
Hindus and Buddhists and Taoists, etc. claim that "God" is impersonal. 
Is God personal or impersonal? I say yes, but if I think a little
more my answer is whichever is greater. I think it is greater 
to be a personal entity, with an individual consciousness, but
you're right that that might be a cultural bias. If I think more
I must admit that God's personal nature is as far beyond my
conception as His impersonal nature is beyond the Hindu's
conception. If somehow Jesus could fit into Hindu cosmology
then maybe I wouldn't have a problem, though that is hard to imagine.

Are there any former (or present) "Eastern Religion" members here 
who could comment?

If you are really interested in these orbits and how they are obtained
you should try and find the following paper:

     Hiroshi Yamakawa, Jun'ichiro Kawaguchi, Nobuaki Ishii, 
     and Hiroki Matsuo, "A Numerical Study of Gravitational Capture
     Orbit in the Earth-Moon System," AAS-92-186, AAS/AIAA Spaceflight
     Mechanics Meeting, Colorado Springs, Colorado, 1992.

The references included in this paper are quite interesting also and 
include several that are specific to the HITEN mission itself. 
Somewhere, someone told me that Satan was the angel in charge of
music in heaven, and on top of that, he was the most beautiful
of the angels.  Isn't it funny that these days how MTV has become
the "bible" of music and beauty these days.  MTV controls what bands
are popular, no matter how bad they are.  In fact, it is better to
be politically correct - like U2, Madonna - than to have any
musical talent.  Then of course, you have this television station
that tells us all how to dress.  Think about it, who started the
retro-fashion craze??  MTV and Madonna.  Gag.

Anyway, just food for thought.  It is really my own wierd theory.

If Revelation was to come true today, I think MTV would the "ever
changing waters" (music and fashion world) that the beast would
arise from, and Madonna will be the whore of Babylon, riding the
beast and drinking the blood of the martyrs.

Hmmmm....great idea for a book/movie.....


Archive-name: space/schedule
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:23 $

SPACE SHUTTLE ANSWERS, LAUNCH SCHEDULES, TV COVERAGE

    SHUTTLE LAUNCHINGS AND LANDINGS; SCHEDULES AND HOW TO SEE THEM

    Shuttle operations are discussed in the Usenet group sci.space.shuttle,
    and Ken Hollis (gandalf@pro-electric.cts.com) posts a compressed version
    of the shuttle manifest (launch dates and other information)
    periodically there. The manifest is also available from the Ames SPACE
    archive in SPACE/FAQ/manifest. The portion of his manifest formerly
    included in this FAQ has been removed; please refer to his posting or
    the archived copy. For the most up to date information on upcoming
    missions, call (407) 867-INFO (867-4636) at Kennedy Space Center.

    Official NASA shuttle status reports are posted to sci.space.news
    frequently.


    WHY DOES THE SHUTTLE ROLL JUST AFTER LIFTOFF?

    The following answer and translation are provided by Ken Jenks
    (kjenks@gothamcity.jsc.nasa.gov).

    The "Ascent Guidance and Flight Control Training Manual," ASC G&C 2102,

	"During the vertical rise phase, the launch pad attitude is
	commanded until an I-loaded V(rel) sufficient to assure launch tower
	clearance is achieved. Then, the tilt maneuver (roll program)
	orients the vehicle to a heads down attitude required to generate a
	negative q-alpha, which in turn alleviates structural loading. Other
	advantages with this attitude are performance gain, decreased abort
	maneuver complexity, improved S-band look angles, and crew view of
	the horizon. The tilt maneuver is also required to start gaining
	downrange velocity to achieve the main engine cutoff (MECO) target
	in second stage."

    This really is a good answer, but it's couched in NASA jargon. I'll try
    to interpret.

    1)	We wait until the Shuttle clears the tower before rolling.

    2)	Then, we roll the Shuttle around so that the angle of attack
	between the wind caused by passage through the atmosphere (the
	"relative wind") and the chord of the wings (the imaginary line
	between the leading edge and the trailing edge) is a slightly
	negative angle ("a negative q-alpha").	This causes a little bit of
	"downward" force (toward the belly of the Orbiter, or the +Z
	direction) and this force "alleviates structural loading."
	We have to be careful about those wings -- they're about the
	most "delicate" part of the vehicle.

    3)	The new attitude (after the roll) also allows us to carry more
	mass to orbit, or to achieve a higher orbit with the same mass, or
	to change the orbit to a higher or lower inclination than would be
	the case if we didn't roll ("performance gain").

    4)	The new attitude allows the crew to fly a less complicated
	flight path if they had to execute one of the more dangerous abort
	maneuvers, the Return To Launch Site ("decreased abort maneuver
	complexity").

    5)	The new attitude improves the ability for ground-based radio
	antennae to have a good line-of-sight signal with the S-band radio
	antennae on the Orbiter ("improved S-band look angles").

    6)	The new attitude allows the crew to see the horizon, which is a
	helpful (but not mandatory) part of piloting any flying machine.

    7)	The new attitude orients the Shuttle so that the body is
	more nearly parallel with the ground, and the nose to the east
	(usually).  This allows the thrust from the engines to add velocity
	in the correct direction to eventually achieve orbit.  Remember:
	velocity is a vector quantity made of both speed and direction.
	The Shuttle has to have a large horizontal component to its
	velocity and a very small vertical component to attain orbit.

    This all begs the question, "Why isn't the launch pad oriented to give
    this nice attitude to begin with?  Why does the Shuttle need to roll to
    achieve that attitude?"  The answer is that the pads were leftovers
    from the Apollo days.  The Shuttle straddles two flame trenches -- one
    for the Solid Rocket Motor exhaust, one for the Space Shuttle Main
    Engine exhaust.  (You can see the effects of this on any daytime
    launch.  The SRM exhaust is dirty gray garbage, and the SSME exhaust is
    fluffy white steam.  Watch for the difference between the "top"
    [Orbiter side] and the "bottom" [External Tank side] of the stack.) The
    access tower and other support and service structure are all oriented
    basically the same way they were for the Saturn V's.  (A side note: the
    Saturn V's also had a roll program.  Don't ask me why -- I'm a Shuttle
    guy.)

    I checked with a buddy in Ascent Dynamics.	He added that the "roll
    maneuver" is really a maneuver in all three axes: roll, pitch and yaw.
    The roll component of that maneuver is performed for the reasons
    stated.  The pitch component controls loading on the wings by keeping
    the angle of attack (q-alpha) within a tight tolerance.  The yaw
    component is used to determine the orbital inclination.  The total
    maneuver is really expressed as a "quaternion," a grad-level-math
    concept for combining all three rotation matrices in one four-element
    array.


    HOW TO RECEIVE THE NASA TV CHANNEL, NASA SELECT

    NASA SELECT is broadcast by satellite. If you have access to a satellite
    dish, you can find SELECT on Satcom F2R, Transponder 13, C-Band, 72
    degrees West Longitude, Audio 6.8, Frequency 3960 MHz. F2R is stationed
    over the Atlantic, and is increasingly difficult to receive from
    California and points west. During events of special interest (e.g.
    shuttle missions), SELECT is sometimes broadcast on a second satellite
    for these viewers.

    If you can't get a satellite feed, some cable operators carry SELECT.
    It's worth asking if yours doesn't.

    The SELECT schedule is found in the NASA Headline News which is
    frequently posted to sci.space.news. Generally it carries press
    conferences, briefings by NASA officials, and live coverage of shuttle
    missions and planetary encounters. SELECT has recently begun carrying
    much more secondary material (associated with SPACELINK) when missions
    are not being covered.


    AMATEUR RADIO FREQUENCIES FOR SHUTTLE MISSIONS

    The following are believed to rebroadcast space shuttle mission audio:

	W6FXN  - Los Angeles
	K6MF   - Ames Research Center, Mountain View, California
	WA3NAN - Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC), Greenbelt, Maryland.
	W5RRR  - Johnson Space Center (JSC), Houston, Texas
	W6VIO  - Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), Pasadena, California.
	W1AW Voice Bulletins

	Station    VHF	   10m	   15m	   20m	  40m	 80m
	------	 ------  ------  ------  ------  -----	-----
	W6FXN	 145.46
	K6MF	 145.585			 7.165	3.840
	WA3NAN	 147.45  28.650  21.395  14.295  7.185	3.860
	W5RRR	 146.64  28.400  21.350  14.280  7.227	3.850
	W6VIO	 224.04		 21.340  14.270
	W6VIO	 224.04		 21.280  14.282  7.165	3.840
	W1AW		 28.590  21.390  14.290  7.290	3.990

    W5RRR transmits mission audio on 146.64, a special event station on the
    other frequencies supplying Keplerian Elements and mission information.

    W1AW also transmits on 147.555, 18.160. No mission audio but they
    transmit voice bulletins at 0245 and 0545 UTC.

    Frequencies in the 10-20m bands require USB and frequencies in the 40
    and 80m bands LSB. Use FM for the VHF frequencies.

    [This item was most recently updated courtesy of Gary Morris
    (g@telesoft.com, KK6YB, N5QWC)]


    SOLID ROCKET BOOSTER FUEL COMPOSITION

    Reference: "Shuttle Flight Operations Manual" Volume 8B - Solid Rocket
    Booster Systems, NASA Document JSC-12770

    Propellant Composition (percent)

    Ammonium perchlorate (oxidizer)			69.6
    Aluminum						16
    Iron Oxide (burn rate catalyst)			0.4
    Polybutadiene-acrilic acid-acrylonitrile (a rubber) 12.04
    Epoxy curing agent					1.96

    End reference

    Comment: The aluminum, rubber, and epoxy all burn with the oxidizer.

I disagree with your claim that Jews were not evangelistic (except in
the narrow sense of the word).  Jewish proselytism was widespread.
There are numerous accounts of Jewish proselytism, both in the New
Testament and in Roman and Greek documents of the day.

John, 

While I will not take the time to rebut you point by point, I will suggest
three current works which I think will be helpful in your quest to answer
this question.  John Dominic Crossan (Professor of Religion at De Paul Univ)-
_The Cross That Spoke_ Harper and Row Pub. 1988, Also his latest work 
_The Historical Jesus - The Life of A Mediterranean Jewish Peasant_ Harper
and Row Pub. 1991,  Also two works of Burton Mack (Professor of New Testament
at the Claremont Graduate School) _A Myth of Innocence_ Fortress Press 1988,
And his latest book _The Lost Gospel: The Book of Q and Christian Origins_
Harper and Row, 1992.  You might start with Mack's book on Q and then 
examine the others afterward.  However I think that once you do that you will
see that your "evidence" is not as sturdy as you'd like.  Most of the tired
arguements you stated, assume eyewitness accounts, such is not the case. But
Anyway look at Mack and Crossan and then get back to us.
Archive-name: space/net
Last-modified: $Date: 93/04/01 14:39:15 $

NETWORK RESOURCES

OVERVIEW

    You may be reading this document on any one of an amazing variety of
    computers, so much of the material below may not apply to you. In
    general, however, systems connected to 'the net' fall in one of three
    categories: Internet, Usenet, or BITNET. Electronic mail may be sent
    between these networks, and other resources available on one of these
    networks are sometimes accessible from other networks by email sent to
    special 'servers'.

    The space and astronomy discussion groups actually are composed of
    several mechanisms with (mostly) transparent connections between them.

    One mechanism is the mailing list, in which mail is sent to a central
    distribution point which relays it to all recipients of the list. In
    addition to the general lists for space (called SPACE Digest for
    Internet users, and SPACE on BITNET), there are a number of more
    specialized mailing lists described below.

    A second mechanism is Usenet 'netnews'. This is somewhat like a bulletin
    board operating on each system which is a part of the net. Netnews
    separates contributions into hundreds of different categories based on a
    'group name'. The groups dealing most closely with space topics are
    called 'sci.space.news', 'sci.space', 'sci.space.shuttle', 'sci.astro',
    and 'talk.politics.space'. Contributors 'post' submissions (called
    'articles' in netnews terminology) on their local machine, which sends
    it to other nearby machines. Similarly, articles sent from nearby
    machines are stored locally and may be forwarded to other systems, so
    that an article is posted locally and eventually reaches all the Usenet
    sites interested in receiving the news group to which the article was
    posted.

    Gateway machines redirect the Usenet sci.space group into Internet and
    BITNET mailing lists and vice versa; the other Usenet groups are not
    accessible as mailing lists. If you can receive netnews, its more
    flexible interface and access to a wider range of material usually make
    it the preferred option.

MAILING LISTS

    SPACE Digest is the main Internet list, and is now being run by the
    International Space University (in only its second change of management
    in over a decade). Email space-request@isu.isunet.edu (message body
    should be in the format 'subscribe space John Public') to join. Note
    that the moderated SPACE Magazine list is defunct at present for lack of
    a moderator. Old copies of SPACE Digest since its inception in 1981 are
    available by anonymous FTP. Retrieve
	julius.cs.qub.ac.uk:pub/SpaceDigestArchive/README
    for further details.

    Elements is a moderated list for fast distribution of Space Shuttle
    Keplerian Elements before and during Shuttle flights. NASA two line
    elements are sent out on the list from Dr. Kelso, JSC, and other sources
    as they are released. Email to elements-request@telesoft.com to join.

    GPS Digest is a moderated list for discussion of the Global Positioning
    System and other satellite navigation positioning systems. Email to
    gps-request@esseye.si.com to join.

    Space-investors is a list for information relevant to investing in
    space-related companies. Email Vincent Cate (vac@cs.cmu.edu) to join.

    Space-tech is a list for more technical discussion of space topics;
    discussion has included esoteric propulsion technologies, asteroid
    capture, starflight, orbital debris removal, etc. Email to
    space-tech-request@cs.cmu.edu to join. Archives of old digests and
    selected excerpts are available by anonymous FTP from
    gs80.sp.cs.cmu.edu (128.2.205.90) in /usr/anon/public/space-tech,
    or by email to space-tech-request if you don't have FTP access.

    SEDS-L is a BITNET list for members of Students for the Exploration and
    Development of Space and other interested parties. Email
    LISTSERV@TAMVM1.BITNET with a message saying "SUBSCRIBE SEDS-L your
    name". Email saying "INDEX SEDS-L" to list the archive contents.

    SEDSNEWS is a BITNET list for news items, press releases, shuttle status
    reports, and the like. This duplicates material which is also found in
    Space Digest, sci.space, sci.space.shuttle, and sci.astro. Email
    LISTSERV@TAMVM1.BITNET saying "SUBSCRIBE SEDSNEWS your name" to join.
    Email saying "INDEX SEDSNEWS" to list the archive contents.

    Ron Baalke (baalke@kelvin.jpl.nasa.gov) runs a mailing list which
    carries the contents of the sci.space.news Usenet group. Email him
    to join the list.

    As a general note, please mail to the *request* address to get off a
    mailing list. SPACE Digest, for example, relays many inappropriate
    'please remove me from this list' messages which are sent to the list
    address rather than the request address.

PERIODICALLY UPDATED INFORMATION

    In addition to this FAQ list, a broad variety of topical information is
    posted to the net (unless otherwise noted, in the new group
    sci.space.news created for this purpose). Please remember that the
    individuals posting this information are performing a service for all
    net readers, and don't take up their time with frivolous requests.

    ACRONYMS
	Garrett Wollman (wollman@UVM.EDU) posts an acronym list around the
	first of each month.

    ASTRO-FTP LIST
	Veikko Makela (veikko.makela@helsinki.fi) posts a monthly list of
	anonymous FTP servers containing astronomy and space related
	material to sci.space and sci.astro.

    AVIATION WEEK
	Henry Spencer (henry@zoo.toronto.edu) posts summaries of
	space-related stories in the weekly _Aviation Week and Space
	Technology_.

    BUYING TELESCOPES
	Ronnie Kon (ronnie@cisco.com) posts a guide to buying telescopes to
	sci.astro.

    ELECTRONIC JOURNAL OF THE ASA
	Don Barry (don@chara.gsu.edu) posts the monthly Electronic Journal
	of the Astronomical Society of the Atlantic to sci.astro.

    FLIGHT INTERNATIONAL
	Swaraj Jeyasingh (sjeyasin@axion.bt.co.uk) posts summaries of
	space-related news from _Flight International_. This focuses more on
	non-US space activities than Aviation Week.

    LARGE ASTRONOMICAL PROJECTS
	Robert Bunge (rbunge@access.digex.com) posts a list describing many
	"Large Telescope Projects Either Being Considered or in the Works"
	to sci.astro.

    NASA HEADLINE NEWS & SHUTTLE REPORTS
	Peter Yee (yee@ames.arc.nasa.gov) posts a variety of NASA material,
	including NASA Headline News (with the schedule for NASA SELECT),
	shuttle payload briefings and flight manifests, and KSC shuttle
	status reports. For Usenet users, much of this material appears in
	the group sci.space.shuttle.

    NASA UPDATES
	Ron Baalke (baalke@kelvin.jpl.nasa.gov) posts frequent updates from
	JPL, Ames, and other centers on the Ulysses, Gailileo, Pioneer,
	Magellan, Landsat, and other missions.

    ORBITAL ELEMENT SETS
	TS Kelso (tkelso@blackbird.afit.af.mil) posts orbital elements from
	NASA Prediction Bulletins.

	Mike Rose (mrose@stsci.edu) posts orbital elements for the Hubble
	Space Telescope to sci.astro.

	Jost Jahn (j.jahn@abbs.hanse.de) posts ephemerides for asteroids,
	comets, conjunctions, and encounters to sci.astro.

    SATELLITE LAUNCHES
	Richard Langley (lang@unb.ca) posts SPACEWARN Bulletin, which
	describes recent launch/orbital decay information and satellites
	which are useful for scientific activities. Recent bulletins are
	available by anonymous FTP from nssdca.gsfc.nasa.gov in
	ANON_DIR:[000000.ACTIVE.SPX].

    SHUTTLE MANIFEST
	Ken Hollis (gandalf@pro-electric.cts.com) posts a compressed version
	of the Space Shuttle launch manifest to sci.space.shuttle. This
	includes dates, times, payloads, and information on how to see
	launches and landings.

    SOLAR ACTIVITY
	Cary Oler (oler@hg.uleth.ca) posts Solar Terrestrial reports
	(describing solar activity and its effect on the Earth) to
	sci.space. The report is issued in part from data released by the
	Space Enviroment Services Center, Boulder Colorado. The intro
	document needed to understand these reports is available by
	anonymous FTP from solar.stanford.edu (36.10.0.4) in
	pub/understanding_solar_terrestrial_reports. nic.funet.fi
	(128.214.6.100) also has this document in
	/pub/misc/rec.radio.shortwave/solarreports and is an archive site
	for the reports (please note this site is in Europe, and the
	connection to the US is only 56KB). A new primary archive site,
	xi.uleth.ca (142.66.3.29), has recently been established and will be
	actively supported.

    SOVIET SPACE ACTIVITIES
	Glenn Chapman (glennc@cs.sfu.ca) posts summaries of Soviet space
	activities.

    SPACE ACTIVIST NEWSLETTER
	Allen Sherzer (aws@iti.org) posts a newsletter, "One Small Step for
	a Space Activist," to talk.politics.space. It describes current
	legislative activity affecting NASA and commercial space activities.

    SPACE EVENTS CALENDAR
	Ron Baalke (baalke@kelvin.jpl.nasa.gov) posts a calendar including
	anniversaries, conferences, launch dates, meteor showers and
	eclipses, and other space-related events.

    SPACE NEWS
	John Magliacane (kd2bd@ka2qhd.UUCP) posts "SpaceNews" (covering
	AMSATs, NOAA and other weather satellites, and other ham
	information) to rec.radio.amateur.misc and sci.space.

    SPACE REPORT
	Jonathan McDowell (mcdowell@cfa.harvard.edu) posts "Jonathan's Space
	Report" covering launches, landings, reentries, status reports,
	satellite activities, etc.

    TOWARD 2001
	Bev Freed (freed@nss.fidonet.org) posts "Toward 2001", a weekly
	global news summary reprinted from _Space Calendar_ magazine.


WARNING ABOUT NON-PUBLIC NETWORKS

    (Included at the suggestion of Eugene Miya, who wrote the item)

    NASA has an internal system of unclassified electronic mail and bulletin
    boards. This system is not open for public use. Specifically, NASA
    personnel and procurement operations are regarded with some sensitivity.
    Contractors must renegotiate their contracts. The Fair and Open
    Procurement Act does not look kindly to those having inside information.
    Contractors and outsiders caught using this type of information can
    expect severe penalities. Unauthorized access attempts may subject you
    to a fine and/or imprisonment in accordance with Title 18, USC, Section
    1030. If in fact you should should learn of unauthorized access, contact
    NASA personnel.

    Claims have been made on this news group about fraud and waste. None
    have ever been substantiated to any significant degree. Readers
    detecting Fraud, Waste, Abuse, or Mismanagement should contact the NASA
    Inspector General (24-hours) at 800-424-9183 (can be anonymous) or write

	NASA
	Inspector General
	P.O. Box 23089
	L'enfant Plaza Station
	Washington DC 20024


Would the sub-orbital version be suitable as-is (or "as-will-be") for use
as a reuseable sounding rocket?



Thank Ghod! I had thought that Spacelifter would definitely be the
bastard Son of NLS.


(And just as a reminder:)
Hi:

I am digitizing a NTSC signal and displaying on a PC video monitor.
It is known that the display response of tubes is non-linear and is
sometimes said to follow Gamma-Law. I am not certain if these
non-linearities are "Gamma-corrected" before encoding NTSC signals
or if the TV display is supposed to correct this.
 
Also, if  256 grey levels, for example, are coded in a C program do
these intensity levels appear with linear brightness on a PC
monitor? In other words does PC monitor display circuitry
correct for "gamma errrors"?
 
Your response is much appreciated.
 
Amjad.
Hi ,


	I am looking for a polygon fill routine to fill 
	simple 4 sided polygons .

	Can some one who has this routine in C help me in 
	saving my "REINVENTING" time.

	Thanx in advance .....



Are there any TIFF to anything programs out there for the IBM?
Our scanner works into TIFF, and I can view it on CSHOW 8.1, but 
all of my other programs read errors.  Are there any basic Tiff to 
JPEG, GIF, PCX, BMP, etc...?

Thanks for the time...Email or post acceptable.
Joshuaf

 >    I realize I'm entering this discussion rather late, but I do
 > have one question. Wasn't it a Reagan appointee, James Watt, a
 > pentacostal christian (I think) who was the secretary of the
 > interior who saw no problem with deforestation since we were
 > "living in the last days" and ours would be the last generation
 > to see the redwoods anyway?

For the Record:

On February 5, 1981, at a House of Representatives
Interior Committee Meeting, Rep. James Weaver (D, Ore), asked Watt
whether "you agree that we should save some of our scenic resources
for our children, not just gobble them up all at once?" Watt's
answer was:

 < Absolutely. That is the delicate balance the Secretary of the
 < Interior must have -- to be steward for the natural resources
 < for this generation as well as future generations. I do not
 < know how many future generations we can count on before the
 < Lord returns.  Whatever it is, we have to manage with a skill
 < to have the resources needed for future generations.

My source is a column by Rowland Evans and Robert Novak on the
op-ed page of the WASHINGTON POST for Friday 21 August 1981.

Oh contrer mon captitan!  There is a way.  Certainly it is not by human reason.
 Certainly it is not by human experience. (and yet it is both!)  To paraphrase
Sartre, the particular is absurd unless it has an infinite reference point.  It
is only because of God's own revelation that we can be absolute about a thing. 
Your logic comes to fruition in relativism.  

Ah, now it is clear.  Ludwig was a desciple of Russell. Ludwig's fame is often
explained by the fact that he spawned not one but two significant movements in
contemporary philosophy. Both revolve around Tractatus Logico-Philosphicus
('21) and Philosophical Investigation ('53).  Many of Witt's comments and
implicit conclusions suggest ways of going beyond the explicit critique of
language he offers.  According to some of the implicit suggestions of Witt's
thought, ordinary language is an invaluable resource, offering a necessary
framework for the conduct of daily life.  However, though its formal features
remain the same, its content does not and it is always capable of being
transcended as our experience changes and our understanding is deepened, giving
us a clearer picture of what we are and what we wish to say.  On Witt's own
account, there is a dynamic fluidity of language.   It is for this reason that
any critique of language must move from talking about the limits of language to
talking about its boundaries, where a boundary is understood not as a wall but
a threshold.
  vonWrights's comment that Witt's "sentences have a content that often lies
deep beneath the surface of language."  On the surface, Witt talks of the
insuperable position of ordinary language and the necessity of bringing
ourselves to accept it without question.  At the same time, we are faced with
Witt's own creative uses of language and his concern for bringing about changes
in our traditional modes of understanding.  Philosophy, then, through more
perspicacious speech, seeks to effect this unity rather than assuming that it
is already functioning. Yes?  The most brilliant of scientists are unable to
offer a foundation for human speech so long as they reject Christianity! In his
Tractatus we have the well nigh perfect exhibition of the nature of the impasse
of the scientific ideal of exhaustive logical analysis of Reality by man. 
Perfect language does not exist for fallen man, therefore we must get on about
our buisness of relating Truth via ordinary language.

  This is why John's Gospel is so dear to most Christians.  It is so simple in
it conveyance of the revealation of God, yet so full of unlieing depth of
understanding.  He viewed Christ from the OT concept of "as a man thinketh, so
he is."  John looked at the outward as only an indicator of what was inside,
that is the consciousness of Christ.  And so must we.  Words are only vehicals
of truth.  He is truth.  The scriptures are plain in their expounding that
there is a Truth and that it is knowable.  THere are absolutes, and they too
are knowable.  However, they are only knowable when He reveals them to the
individual.  There is, and we shouldn't shy from this, a mysticism to
Christianity.  Paul in ROm 8 says there are 3 men in the world.  There is the
one who does not have the Spirit and therefore can not know the things of the
Spirit (the Spirit of Truth) and there is the one who has the Spirit and has
the capacity to know of the Truth, but there  is the third.  THe one who not
only has the Spirit, but that the Spirit has him! Who can know the deep things
of God and reveal them to us other than the Spirit.  And it is only the deep
things of GOd that are absolute and true.
   There is such a thing as true truth and it is real, it can be experienced
and it is verifiable.  I disagree with Dr Nancy's Sweetie's conclusion because
if it is taken to fruition it leads to relativism which leads to dispair.  

"I would know the words which He would answer me, and understand what He would
say unto me."  Job 23ff

--Rex
I have seen several ray-traced scenes (from MTV or was it 
RayShade??) with stroked fonts appearing as objects in the image.
The fonts/chars had color, depth and even textures associated with
them.  Now I was wondering, is it possible to do the same in POV??


Thanks,
I don't understand who this post is directed towards; who are you
trying to convince? By its subject i would assume you are directing
the argument towards people who do not believe that Christ rose
from the dead, but in your "proof," you use the bible exclusively.

The post is therefore immediately useless to anyone who doesn't
believe that the bible is an unadulterated truth, and to everyone
else, it is just a reaffirmation of a belief already held. As far
as i know, there is no disagreement between christians over
the resurrection of christ.

so my question is: what is the purpose of this post?

tomas


As a former Catholic and now as a very active Lutheran - it is some of the
"innovations" of the Mass which made me leave the Catholic Church and return
to the more traditional Catholic Chuch - the Lutherans.

I spent many years as a Lector reading the Passion parts as appropriate in
the Catholic Church and I found it very meaningful.  Our Lutheran parish just
instituted the "Tenebrae" service for Good Friday and I was the lector for 
a paraphrased Passion which was exceptional.  I heard and learned things
that I have previously overlooked in the Gospels - yet those "facts" were
always there.  As a matter of interest, the pastor and I were talking about
the differences between the RC and Lutheran Church during Holy Week over
breakfast Easter Sunday.

My wife is the member of the liturgy committee in the family (called music
and worship at our church).  Our pastor does have control of this committee
but listens very carefully to the committee's suggestions.  It needs a strong
hand to lead and guide, to keep the intent and the message clear and strong
as it should be through Lent and the rest of the liturgical year.  Additional
reason for my leaving the Catholic faith - lack of any selfless spiritual
guidance by priests in my parishes.  AKA "wishy-washy".
 
As you may gather from my comments, I feel that it is very important, ir-
regardless of denominational guidelines, to have a service/Mass which promotes
the true reason that we are gathered there.  I am quite comfortable in a
traditional Mass, with receiving Holy Communion on the tongue, the Sacrament
of PENANCE (not Reconciliation), Stations of the Cross, so on and so forth.
The reason other types of Masses and parishes exist is because these feelings
are not shared by everyone.

I want more people to attend church and to find the Lord, but I don't want 
them attending a show.  It's not.  My church works hard to have a meaningful
service during Lent on Wednesdays, but follow traditional Lutheran Book of
Worship guidelines.  Where things are changed or omitted during Lent (such
as the Hymn of Praise) it is noted so that we are aware of the reasons that it
is Not there.

Quite frankly, it is very hard for a non-Catholic to go to a Mass and "fit in".
My dear wife never could (former Methodist).  And Holy Week Masses and Vigils
would intimidate the daylights out of a non-Catholic.  Those Catholics who
have beared with me this far understand what I mean.

Please keep in mind why we are there - to gather together in worship.  Not
to worry about how something is done or not done.  If there is something
wrong that you feel needs addressing, by all means talk to your priest or
pastor.  I have only ever met one who wouldn't listen.  They are there to 
provide spiritual guidance and to help.  Use them.  My differences with
the Catholic Church are much more fundamental - but my decision to change
faiths was done with prayer, intervention, and sessions with priests and
ministers.

In Christ,
Kershner
-- 
Kershner Wyatt
kwyatt@ccscola.ColumbiaSC.ncr.com


Seems to be, barring evidence to the contrary, that Koresh was simply
another deranged fanatic who thought it neccessary to take a whole bunch of
folks with him, children and all, to satisfy his delusional mania. Jim
Jones, circa 1993.


Nope - fruitcakes like Koresh have been demonstrating such evil corruption
for centuries.
Does anyone out there have or know of,  line drawing USA map?


Thanks very much in advance,
Hoi

Some thoughts:

[A. On the non-pacifist side:]

(1) Killing to defend the innocent may be, if anything, _more_ justifiable
than killing in self-defense.  I can turn my _own_ other cheek, but I have
no right to turn someone else's.

(2) It seems to me that if Jesus had meant to teach pacifism, He would have
made His position more explicit.  He didn't tell the centurion to leave the
army, for instance; and the NT is full of military metaphors.

[B. On the pacifist side:]

(1) Apparently many early Christians refused to fight in the Roman army,
or stated that one should refuse if given a choice.  But it's not clear
whether they were objecting to war _per se_, or objecting to Roman policies.

(2) In modern warfare, it seems to be impossible to direct attacks only at
combatants.  Bombing, both conventional and nuclear, kills lots of civilians.

(3) It's hard to tell whether any _particular_ war is justified at the time.
Often it takes decades for the requisite information to become available
to the general public.

Please, NO EMAIL REPLIES -- this is meant as a contribution to a public
discussion, and anyone wanting to reply should also reply publicly.

Things could be worse. A lot worse! In the mid-eighties the
teen/adult sci-fi comic 2000AD (Fleetway) produced a short story
featuring the award winning character "Judge Dredd". The story
focussed on an advertising agency of the future who use high powered
multi-coloured lasers/search lights pointed at the moon to paint
images on the moon. Needless to say, this use hacked off a load of lovers,
romantics and werewolfs/crazies. The ad guys got chopped, the service
discontinued. A cautionary tale indeed!

Marvin Batty.
Please get a REAL life.



[Stuff deleted]
 


Will, there has been a lot of discussion going on about this over in
s.r.c.b-s.
I will make the case here though and try to help you out:

8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it
is the gift of God:
9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.
(Ephesians 2:8-9).

Yes, it is by God's grace and our faith that we are saved.  We are not
saved by what we do.  However,

15 If ye love me, keep my commandments.
(John 14:15).

Keeping Christ's commandments is a "work" per se, and a demonstration of
our love for him.  Also,

6 He spake also this parable; A certain man had a fig tree planted in his
vineyard; and he came and sought fruit thereon, and found none.
7 Then said he unto the dresser of his vineyard, Behold, these three years
I come seeking fruit on this fig tree, and find none: cut it down; why
cumbereth it the ground?
8 And he answering said unto him, Lord, let it alone this year also, till I
shall dig about it, and dung it:
9 And if it bear fruit, well: and if not, then after that thou shalt cut it
down.
(Luke 13:6-9).

Again,

16 Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye
should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that
whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.
(John 15:16).

It is clear from these verses that we are called to bring forth fruit. 
What is that fruit.  Well, Paul speaks of the fruit of the spirit being
love, joy, peace, patience, etc.  All of these are things that are manifest
in the actions that we carry out.

If a person claims to believe in Jesus Christ, but does not do the things
Christ commanded, I dare say, that they really don't have any faith. 
Asking which is more important, faith or works, is like asking which blade
on a pair of scissors is most important or like asking which leg of your
pants is more important.

Good works should come out of and be a result of our faith.  To have faith,
true faith in Christ requires you to do what he commands.  The parable
above speaks allegorically of a person who does bear no fruit.  Christs
commands are actions, and if we don't do those actions and produce fruit,
then we shall be uprooted just like the tree. 

It is a dead and useless faith which has no action behind it.  Actions
prove our faith and show the genuineness of it.  I can sit and talk for
days about the fact that I have so much faith in my ability to jump off a
building and not hit the ground.  In other words, I can sit and tell you
all day long that I have faith in my ability to fly.  I really don't have
that faith though unless I am willing to jump off the roof and take the
test.  Words and talk mean nothing.

I could go on and give more scriptures and if people want me to I will, but
this should be sufficient.

Hope it helped.

Jon

----------------
sig file broken....

please try later...

Great speculation - I remember being proud on behalf of all the free
world (you think that way when you are seven years old) that we had
got there first. Now I'm almost sorry that it worked out that way.

I guess the soviets would have taken the victory seriously too, and
would almost certainly not have fallen victim to the complacency that
overtook the US program. Perhaps stretching to match US efforts would
have destabilized them sooner than it did in fact - and in the tradition
of Marvel Comics 'What If', this destabilization in the Brezhnev era might
have triggered the third world war. Hmm, maybe it was a giant leap after all.

Actually, they are legal! I not familiar with the ad you are speaking of
but knowing Popular Science it is probably on the fringe.  However, you
may be speaking of "Public Missle, Inc.", which is a legitimate company
that has been around for a while.

Due to advances in composite fuels, engines are now available for model
rockets using similar composites to SRB fuel, roughly 3 times more 
powerful than black powder motors.  They are even available in a reloadable
form, i.e. aluminum casing, end casings, o-rings (!).  The engines range
from D all the way to M in common manufacture, N and O I've heard of
used at special occasions.

To be a model rocket, however, the rocket can't contain any metal 
structural parts, amongst other requirements.  I've never heard of a
model rocket doing 50,000.  I have heard of > 20,000 foot flights.
These require FAA waivers (of course!).  There are a few large national
launches (LDRS, FireBALLS), at which you can see many > K sized engine
flights.  Actually, using a > G engine constitutes the area of "High
Power Rocketry", which is seperate from normal model rocketry.  Purchase
of engines like I have been describing require membership in the National
Association of Rocketry, the Tripoli Rocketry Assoc., or you have to
be part of an educational institute or company involved in rocketry.

Amatuer rocketry is another area.  I'm not really familiar with this,
but it is an area where metal parts are allowed, along with liquid fuels
and what not.  I don't know what kind of regulations are involved, but
I'm sure they are numerous.
: Seems to me Koresh is yet another messenger that got killed
: for the message he carried. (Which says nothing about the 
: character of the messenger.) I reckon we'll have to find out
: the rest the hard way.
: 
I have an ATI Graph. Ultra Pro VLB w/2 megs, and have a small question
about Graphics Workshop for Windows.  When I exit from it it says my
current driver can handle on 32768 colors when I am actually in 
1024x768x65000 color mode.  Is this a driver problem, a GWS error, or
what?  I am using the 1.5(59) driver under Win 3.1.  It correctly
states that I can display 16M colors when I switch to 800x600x24bit,
though.
Another question- Anybody know of any Viewers that support this card
other than Windows viewers?
Any help would be appreciated.



I'd like to remind people of the withering of the fig tree and Jesus
driving the money changers et. al. out of the temple.  I think those
were two instances of Christ showing anger (as part of His human side).



I should probably re-post this with another title, so that
the guys on the other thread would see that this is a practical
use of "temporary orbits..."

Another possible temporary orbit:


  Hello, I know that this has been discussed before.  But at the time
I didn't need to teselate a sphere.  So if any kind soul has the code
or the alg, that was finally decided upon as the best (as I recall it
was a nice, iterative subdivision meathod), I would be very 
appreciative.
							Thomas DeWeese
deweeset@rdrc.rpi.edu

Ok, lets say youve got a grid of hexagons

that go in a        10
                     9
                    10
                     9
                    etc..

for a total of 15 rows down

that means there are 10 hexagons in the 1st line,
9 lined up underneath in the second line
10 lined up underneath in the third line
9 lined up under neath in the fourht...



the problem is  given the center of any arbritrary hexagon, and a line with
and arbritrary slope, Which hexagons does that line cross through 
(The line doesn't necessarily have to cross through the center of other hexagon,it can even be a tangent and count).  Any helpers, my friend was baffeled
when trying to figure this.
:w

Is posible to make copies of these photographs (or any other aerospace
photographs at NASM) if you pay a copyright fee?
I deleted much of the following article in order to discuss the 
specific issue of whether it is acceptable to divorce.  



I have thought about the implications, and it is scary.  

We have a whole generation of families broken up because some men have 
decided that is is okay to leave their wives and children for the
thrill of a younger, more attractive woman.  If we accept that it is
legitimate for Jane to have divorced, how can we not accept anyone's
decision to divorce because he has found someone with whom he can
have a more "deep, committed relationship."

Marriage is not a state of being, it is a mutual journey in life.
Love is not a passive feeling, it must be actively willed.

Is it acceptable for an older executive to dump his wife of many 
years who stayed home to care for the children because he
can't be happy sexually unless he is with a beautiful
young blonde?  The real solution for both in the couple to
make a renewed effort.  

Hold fast to the faith.  Has not the Lord repeatedly compared His
relation to His people as a faithful and enduring husband?  We
learn something very deep and very mystical when we marry and
remain faithful through times of trial.

My spouse has a brain tumor that has left her partially paralyzed.
If it were to resume growing (it is in remission, thanks be to God!)
then perhaps the time would come when we could not have sexual
relations.  That's life...the Lord would certainly not give me
permission to seek someone else to satisfy my "needs."  

The idea that it is alright to divorce if a couple "grows apart"
seems to me to lead to such a monstrous destruction of the meaning
of marriage that I feel we must make every effort to avoid any hint
of compromise.  We have become so petty and small-minded that
some husbands are threatening to divorce their wives unless the
wives lose weight!

It wasn't especially prominent, as I recall.  However, quite possibly it's
no longer on display; NASM, like most museums, has much more stuff than it
can display at once, and does rotate the displays occasionally.
Hi.  I'm writing a program to convert .dxf files to a database
format used by a 3D graphics program I've written.  My program stores
the points of a polygon in CCW order.  I've used 3D Concepts a 
little and it seems that the points are stored in the order
they are drawn.

Does the DXF format have a way of indicating which order the 
points are stored in, CW or CCW?  Its easy enough to convert,
but if I don't know which way they are stored, I dont know 
which direction the polygon should be visible from.

If DXF doesn't handle this, can anyone recommend a workaround?
The best I can think of is to create two polygons for each one
in the DXF file, one stored CW and the other CCW.  But that
doubles the number of polygons and decreases speed...

Thanks in advance for any help,



I hate to pour cold water on this, but currently seawater extracted
uranium, even using the new, improved fiber absorbers from Japan, is
about 20 times more expensive than uranium on the spot market.
Uranium is *very* cheap right now, around $10/lb.  Right now, there
are mines closing because they can't compete with places like Cigar
Lake in Canada (where the ore is so rich they present safety hazards
to the mines, who work in shielded vehicles).  Plenty of other sources
(for example, uranium from phosphate processing) would come on line before
uranium reached $200/lb.

"Demand and supply balance will collapse" is nonsense.  Supply and
demand always balance; what changes is the price.  Is uranium going
to increase in price by a factor of 20 by the end of the century?
Not bloody likely.  New nuclear reactors are not being built
at a sufficient rate.

Uranium from seawater is interesting, but it's a long term project, or
a project that the Japanese might justify on grounds of
self-sufficiency.
: Hi,

: I am new to this newsgroup, and also fairly new to christianity.
: ... I realize I am very ignorant about much of the Bible and
: quite possibly about what Christians should hold as true. This I am trying
: to rectify (by reading the Bible of course), but it would be helpful
: to also read a good interpretation/commentary on the Bible or other
: relevant aspects of the Christian faith. One of my questions I would
: like to ask is - Can anyone recommend a good reading list of theological
: works intended for a lay person?

I'd recommend McDowell's "Evidence that Demands a Verdict" books (3 I
think) and  Manfred Brauch's "Hard Sayings of Paul".  He also may have
done "Hard Sayings of Jesus".  My focus would be for a new Christian to
struggle with his faith and be encouraged by the historical evidence,
especially one who comes from a background which emphasizes knowable faith.

I attended a colloquium at Goddard last fall where the head of the 
operations section of NASA was talking about what future missions
were going to be funded.  I don't remember his name or title off hand
and I have discarded the colloquia announcement. In any case, he was 
asked about that very matter: "Why can't we spend a few million more
to keep instruments that we already have in place going?"

His responce was that there are only so many $ available to him and
the lead time on an instrument like a COBE, Magellan, Hubble, etc
is 5-10 years minumum.  If he spent all that could be spent on using
current instruments in the current budget enviroment he would have
very little to nothing for future projects.  If he did that, sure
in the short run the science would be wonderful and he would be popular,
however starting a few years after he had retired he would become
one of the greatest villans ever seen in the space community for not
funding the early stages of the next generation of instruments.  Just
as he had benefited from his predicessor's funding choices, he owed it
to whoever his sucessor would eventually be to keep developing new
missions, even at the expense of cutting off some instruments before
the last drop of possible science has been wrung out of them.


Sorry about not mentioning platform... my original post was to mac.programmer,
and then decided to post here to comp.graphics.

I'd like the 3D software to run on primarily Mac in either C, Object Pascal
(Think or MPW). But, I'll port to Windows later, so a package that runs on
Mac and has a Windows version would be ideal.

I'm looking for a package that has low upfront costs, and reasonable licensing
costs... of course :)
In regards to fractal commpression, I have seen 2 fractal compressed "movies".
They were both fairly impressive.  The first one was a 64 gray scale "movie" of
Casablanca, it was 1.3MB and had 11 minutes of 13 fps video.  It was a little
grainy but not bad at all.  The second one I saw was only 3 minutes but it
had 8 bit color with 10fps and measured in at 1.2MB.

I consider the fractal movies a practical thing to explore.  But unlike many 
other formats out there, you do end up losing resolution.  I don't know what
kind of software/hardware was used for creating the "movies" I saw but the guy
that showed them to me said it took 5-15 minutes per frame to generate.  But as
I said above playback was 10 or more frames per second.  And how else could you
put 11 minutes on one floppy disk?

The problem with Commercial Titan is that MM has made little or no attempt
to market it.  They're basically happy with their government business and
don't want to have to learn how to sell commercially.

A secondary problem is that it is a bit big.  They'd need to go after
multi-satellite launches, a la Ariane, and that complicates the marketing
task quite significantly.

They also had some problems with launch facilities at just the wrong time
to get them started properly.  If memory serves, the pad used for the Mars
Observer launch had just come out of heavy refurbishment work that had
prevented launches from it for a year or so.

There have been a few CT launches.  Mars Observer was one of them.  So
was that stranded Intelsat, and at least one of its brothers that reached
orbit properly.



Actually, there was very little to the book.  First of all looking at
the titles of her other books, I would personally consider her 
to be engaged in a bizarre form of Christian-like mysticism
heavily influenced by eastern philosphies (great titles like 
_The_Astrology_of_the_4_Horsemen_).

However, other than the Chapter One into, there's nothing original,
biased, or even new this book.  It is basically a collection of previously
published works by those who claim that there exist Buddhist and Hindu
stories that Christ visited India and China (he was known as Issa) 
during the period from late teens to age 30.

Conclusion:  the book actually lets you come to your own view by presenting
a summary of various published works and letters, all of which you
could verify independently.  It includes refutations to such works as
well.  Therefore, even if you think she is theologically warped, this 
book is a nice reference summary for the interested.	 

At the moment i'm trying to grab a portion of a Starbase screen, and store it
in an area of memory. The data needs to be in a 24-bit format (which
shouldn't be a problem as the app is running on a 24 bit screen), though
i'm not too fussy about the exact format.

(I actually intend to write the data out as a TIFF but that bits not the
problem)

Does anyone out there know how to grab a portion of the screen? The
block_read call seems to grab the screen, but not in 24 bit colour,
whatever the screen/window type i get 1 byte per pixel. 

thanks in advance,

Martin




--
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hi, 

	Is anyone into medical imaging?  I have a good ray tracing background,
and I'm interested in that field.  Could you point me to some sources?  Or
better yet, if you have any experience, do you want to talk about what's
going on or what you're working on?
Printer model and specification:

Canon CLC 500 (Color Laser Copier)
ps-ipu unit (postscript intelligent processing unit)


Hello,

We have recently purchased a very expensive and nice color copier/printer. 
We want to be able to print to it from our SGI iris network.  The 
copier/printer has both a parallel and SCSI interface.  I have configured the
printer with the "lp" system using the parallel interface and can print 
postscript files to the printer.  I can also print rgb files, but these are in 
turn converted to postscript by an internal filter.  The Canon CLC 500 is a 
publication quality printer but the quality of our postscript printouts 
are less than acceptable.  We create the postscript files with a variaty of 
programs, such as showcase, xv, and tops.  When we convert to postscript 
with tops and use the -l option to specify the halftone screen density of 98 
rather than the default 40 the output is better, but still much less that 
acceptable.  Note, that we are starting with a screen image in rgb image format
and translating the image into postscript.

We suspect that if we could use the SCSI interface we would get higher quality 
pictures.  We have not purchased the software that drives the printer from the 
SCSI port.  To my knowledge this software is $5000 and does not come with a 
warranty.  The management here does not want to spend this much money without 
some assurance that the product will work.


Here my questions:

If anybody on the net uses this printer are you using the SCSI or 
parallel port?  What is the quality of the printouts?

Is there a way to create high quality postscript printouts?  What is the
limiting component, the postscript language or the postscript interpretor on 
the printer?
 
The Big question:

Where can I get some software to drive the SCSI port for this printer?



Please email directly to me, I don't not read news on a regular basis. 
I will post a summary.

Thanks in advance.

After tons of mail, could we move this discussion to alt.religion?
=============================================================
--There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke. (Bob Dylan)
--"If you were happy every day of your life you wouldn't be a human
being, you'd be a game show host." (taken from the movie "Heathers.")
--Lecture (LEK chur) - process by which the notes of the professor
become the notes of the student without passing through the minds of
either.



I agree with you about the upgrade path; but I think I was fair.

The original posting complained (1) about SGI coming out with newer (and
better) architectures and not having an upgrade path from the older ones,
and (2) that DEC did.

On statement (1), I merely attempted to point out that all computer
companies are constantly attempting to improve their product (& market
position/share).  In so doing, they eventually come to a point where they
have a new architecture, and the only upgrade path is to replace the
system.  And the particular system he was complaining about was (in
computer lifetimes) relatively old.

On statement (2), I felt DEC's history of providing upgrades was not far
superior than the industry "average", and that, in my opinion, SGI's
history is better than DEC's.

(And what is DEC doing with it's MIPS based DECstation line?  Are they
going to "abandon" it for their Alpha based line, or provide an upgrade
path to R4400's and TFP's and R5's?)
Are breathable liquids possible?

I remember seeing an old Nova or The Nature of Things where this idea was
touched upon (it might have been some other TV show).  If nothing else, I know
such liquids ARE possible because...

They showed a large glass full of this liquid, and put a white mouse (rat?) in
it.  Since the liquid was not dense, the mouse would float, so it was held down
by tongs clutching its tail.  The thing struggled quite a bit, but it was
certainly held down long enough so that it was breathing the liquid.  It never
did slow down in its frantic attempts to swim to the top.

Now, this may not have been the most humane of demonstrations, but it certainly
shows breathable liquids can be made.

Actually, the idea, like most good ideas, comes from Jules Verne, not
_The Gods Must Be Crazy._  In one of his lesser known books (I can't
remember which one right now), the protagonists are in a balloon gondola,
travelling over Africa on their way around the world in the balloon, when
one of them drops a fob watch.  They then speculate about the reaction
of the natives to finding such a thing, dropped straight down from heaven.
But the notion is not pursued further than that.
Hi all,

  I am looking for a recommandation on a good royalty free graphics
library package for C and C++ program.  This is mainly use to write
children games and education software.  I heard someone mentioned Genus
and also GFX ?  Are they any good?

Please pardon me if my question sounds a little strange, I am asking
this question for a friend.

Thanks in advance!

  > 
  > I am looking for an algorithm to determine if a given point is bound by a 
  > polygon. Does anyone have any such code or a reference to book containing
  > information on the subject ?
  > 
  >                 Regards
  > 
  >                         Simon
  > 
/* +-------------------------------------------------------------------+
   |                                                                   |
   | Function    : PuntBinnenPolygoon                                  |
   |                                                                   |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+
   |                                                                   |
   | Auteur      : Cornelis Wessels                                    |
   |                                                                   |
   | Datum       : 11-01-1993                                          |
   |                                                                   |
   | Omschrijving: Bepaalt of de aangeboden VECTOR2D p binnen of op de |
   |               rand van het polygoon P valt.                       |
   |                                                                   |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+
   |                                                                   |
   | Wijzigingen : -                                                   |
   |                                                                   |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------------+ */

CLIBSTATUS PuntBinnenPolygoon ( POLYGOON *P, VECTOR2D *p )
  {
  VECTOR2D o, v, w;
  INDEX    aantal_snijpunten, N, n;

  aantal_snijpunten = 0;
  N                 = GeefPolygoonLengte(P);
  GeefPolygoonRandpunt ( P, N, &o );

  for ( n=1; n<=N; n++ )
    {
    GeefPolygoonRandpunt ( P, n, &v );

    if ( o.x >= p->x && v.x <  p->x ||
	 o.x <  p->x && v.x >= p->x  )
      {
      w.x = p->x;
      InterpoleerLineair ( &o, &v, &w );

      if ( w.x == p->x && w.y == p->y )
	return(CLIBSUCCES);
      else if ( w.y > p->y )
	aantal_snijpunten++;
      }

    KopieerVector2d ( &v, &o );
    }

  if ( aantal_snijpunten%2 == 0 )
    return(CLIBERBUITEN);
  else
    return(CLIBSUCCES);
  }


If not for the lack of extraneously capitalized words, I'd swear that
McElwaine had changed his name and moved to Cal Poly.  I also find the
choice of newsgroups 'interesting'.  Perhaps someone should tell this
guy that 'sci.astro' doesn't stand for 'astrology'?

It's truly frightening that posts like this are originating at what
are ostensibly centers of higher learning in this country.  Small
wonder that the rest of the world thinks we're all nuts and that we
have the problems that we do.

[In case you haven't gotten it yet, David, I don't think this was
quite appropriate for a posting to 'sci' groups.]

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden
When using Photoshop is there anyway to get an elliptical dot for the
halftone screen rather than a round dot ? My printer would prefer an
elliptical dot, but I'm not sure how to set it up. I'm sending from a Mac
IIci to a Linotronic L300 imagesetter and I am using Photoshop 2.0.1 to
make my separations.

Any help would be greatly appreshed. T.I.A. 

Michael (Unscene) 


Michael Maier, Computer Artist, ANL  |  [|]---*Z* Glued to the veiw.      

Yes.

(I am adamantly an environmentalist.  I will not use styrofoam table service.
Please keep that in mind as you read this post - I do not wish to attack
environmentalism)

A half truth is at least as dangerous as a complete lie.  A complete lie will
rarely be readily accepted, while a half truth (the lie subtly hidden) is more
powerfully offered by one who masquerades as an angel of light.

Satan has (for some people) loosened the grip on treating the earth as something
other than God's intricate handiwork, something other than that on which the
health of future generations is based.  It is being treated with respect.  You
think he's going to happily leave it at that?  No.  When one error is rejected,
it is his style to push people to the opposite error.  Therefore the earth is
not God's intricate handiwork, not because it is rubbish, but because it is
God.  Mother earth is the one you are to primarily love and serve.

I see two facets of a response to it:

1: Care for the environment.  Treat it with proper respect, both because it is
   God's intricate handiwork and the health of future generation, and because
   showing the facet of one who is disregardful of such things does not
   constitute what the Apostle Paul called "becoming all things to all men so
   that by all possible means I might save some."

   Don't say "Forget the environment, I've got important things to spend my time
   on." - putting your foot in your mouth in this manner will destroy your
   credibility in expressing the things that _are_ more important.

2: Show that it is not the ultimate entity, that it is creature and not
   creator.  Show that its beauty and glory points to a greater beauty and
   glory.  Show that it is not the ultimate tapestry, but one of many cords
   woven in the infinite tapestry.




Well, when you crosspost to talk.origins, what do you expect?

I'm not sure if you got the information you were looking for, so I'll
post it anyway for the general public.  To load an image on your root
window add this line to the end of your .xsession file:

 xloadimage -onroot -fullscreen <gif_file_name> &

This is assuming of course you have the xloadimage client, and as
for the switches, I think they pretty much explain what is going on.
If you leave out the <&>, the terminal locks till you kill it.
(You already knew that though...)

Hope this helps.

OpenGL is a graphics programming library and as such is a great, portable
interface for the development of interactive 3D graphics applications. It
is not, however, an indicator of performance, as that will vary strongly
from machine to machine and vendor to vendor.  SGI is committed to high
performance interactive graphics systems and software tools, so OpenGL
means that you can port easily from SGI to other platforms, there is no
guarantee that your performance would be comparable.


If your sales representative truly mislead you, then you should have a
valid grievance against us which you should carry up to your local SGI
sales management team. Feel free to contact the local branch manager...we
understand that repeat sales come from satisfied customers, so give it a
shot.


As one of the previous posts stated, the Personal IRIS was introduced in
1988 and grew to include the 4D/20, 4D/25, 4D/30 and 4D/35 as clock rates
sped up over time. As a rule of thumb, SGI platforms live for about 4-5
years. This was true of the motorola-based 3000 series ('85-'89), the PI
('88-'93), the Professional Series (the early 4D's - '86-'90), the Power
Series parallel systems ('88-'93). Individual CPU subsystems running at a
particular clock rate usually live for about 2 years. New graphics
architectures at the high end (GT, VGX, RealityEngine) are released every
18 months to 2 years.

These are the facts of life.  If we look at these machines, they become
almost archaic after four years, and we have to come out with a new
platform (like Indigo, Onyx, Challenge) which has higher bus bandwidths,
faster CPUs, faster graphics and I/O, and larger disk capacities. If we
don't, we become uncompetitive.

From the user perspective, you have to buy a machine that meets your
current needs and makes economic sense today.  You can't wait to buy, but
if you need a guaranteed upgrade path for the machine, ask the Sales Rep
for one in writing. If it's feasible, they should be able to do that. Some
of our upgrade paths have specific programs associated with them, such as
the Performance Protection Program for older R3000-based Power Series
multiprocessing systems which allowed purchasers of those systems to obtain
a guaranteed upgrade price for moving to the new Onyx or Challenge
R4400-based 64-bit multiprocessor systems.


If that's happening, it's becausing of misunderstandings or
mis-communication, not because SGI is directly attempting to annoy our
customer base.


Most SGI customers are onesy-twosey types, but regardless, we rarely give a
great deal of notice when we are about to introduce a new system because
again, like a previous post stated, if we pre-announced and the schedule
slipped, we would mess up our potential customers schedules (when they were
counting on the availability of the new systems on a particular date) and
would also look awfully bad to both our investors and the financial
analysts who watch us most carefully to see if we are meeting our
commitments.


Five years is an awfully long time in computer years. New processor
technologies are arriving every 1-2 years, making a 5 year old computer at
least 2 and probably 3 generations behind the times. The competitive nature
of the market is demanding that rate of development, so if your timing is
really 5 years between purchases, you have to accept the limited viability
of whatever architecture you buy into from any vendor.

There are some realities about the computer biz that we all have to live
with, but keeping customers happy is the most important, so don't give up,
we know it.

Josh   |:-)

-- 



Which distance? The distance between one point (t = ti) on the first curve
and a point on the other curve with same parameter (u = ti)?

I heard the same thing, but without confirmation that he actually said it.
It was just as alarming to us as to you; the Bible says that nobody knows
when the second coming will take place.











Good I had a bad feeling about this problem because of a special case
with no solution that worried me.

Four coplanar points in the shape of a square have no unique sphere 
that they are on the surface of.
Similarly 4 colinear point have no finite sized sphere that they are on the
surface of.

These algorithms being geometrical designed rather than algebraically design
meet these problems neatly.

When determining which plane the 3 points are on if they are colinear
the algorithm should afil or return infinite R.
When intersecting the two lines there are 2 possibilities
they are the same line  (the 4 points were on a planar circle)
they are different lines but parallel. There is a sphere of in radius.

This last case can be achieved with 3 colinier points and any 4th point
by taking the 4th point and pairs of the first 3 parallel lines will be produced

it can also be achieved by

If all 4 points are coplanar but are not on one circle. 

It seems to me that the algorithm only fails when the 4 points are coplanar.
The algorithm always fails when the points are coplanar.
(4 points being colinear => coplanar)

Testing if the 4th point is coplanar when the plane of the first 3 points
has been found is trivial.


WHATS THIS  680x1024 256 color mode? Asking a lot of your hardware ?
: It is a dead and useless faith which has no action behind it.  Actions
: prove our faith and show the genuineness of it.

A good example of this is Abraham (referred to in the James passage). Hebrews
says that Abraham was justified by faith -- but his faith was demonstrated
through his works (i.e., he obeyed what God told him to do).

Reading Abraham's ``biography'' in Genesis is very instructive. He was a man
beset by *lack* of faith a lot of the time (e.g. lying about Sarah being his
wife on 2 occasions; trying to fulfil God's promise on God's behalf by
copulating with Hagar). . . yet it seems that God didn't evaluate him on the
basis of individual incidents. Abraham is listed as one of the ``heroes of 
faith'' in Hebrews 11. i.e., when it really came to the crunch, God declared
Abraham as a man of faith. He believed God's promises.

This gives us confidence. Although real faith demonstrates itself through
works, God is not going to judge us according to our success/failure in
performing works.

``Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to His mercy
he saved us, through the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy
Spirit.'' (Titus 3.5)

Amazing Grace! Hallelujah!
Hello,

Can anybody help me with the conversion of pic format files
to HPGL files. The question is as follows:

Is it possible to convert files that have been generated in the
pic preprocessor format into HPGL format, suitable for sending
to a plotter. The hardware involved is IBM RISC/6000 running AIX
3.2.3. How should this be done and what software is involved,
where is it available, what does it cost, what are the problems?

Regards,

Dani

--------------------------------
Cimad Consultants
Antwerp, Belgium
dani@cimad.be


DC-X as is today isn't suitable for this. However, the followon SDIO
funds will. A reusable sounding rocket was always SDIO's goal.


So did I. There is a lot going on now and some reports are due soon 
which should be very favorable. The insiders have been very bush briefing
the right people and it is now paying off.

However, public support is STILL critical. In politics you need to keep
constant pressure on elected officials.

  Allen



Point your gopher client at merlot.welch.jhu.edu

and select the following directories:

 -->  13. Search and Retrieve Software/

   -->  8.  Search and Retrieve Graphics Software and Data/


And you'll see -




 -->  1.  Graphics Online Bibliography (ACM SIGGRAPH)/
      2.  Graphics Software and Data Archives (ftp sites)/
      3.  Search All Graphics Information <?>
      4.  Search Comp.graphics FAQ <?>
      5.  Search Graphics Resources (Software and Data) <?>
      6.  Search Pictures Utilities FAQ <?>


          1.  Graphics Online Bibliography (ACM SIGGRAPH)/

              Searches and archives of bibliographic database that covers
              graphics literature for over a hundred years (served
              by a gopher hole in Austria).


          2.  Graphics Software and Data Archives (ftp sites)/ 

              Has links to over 70 sites around the world which
              have software and/or data for computer graphics.
              This can be used on its own or as a companion to the
              searches found in this directory which will point you
              toward software and data at various places.  
              

          3.  Search All Graphics Information <?>
          4.  Search Comp.graphics FAQ <?>
          5.  Search Graphics Resources (Software and Data) <?>
          6.  Search Pictures Utilities FAQ <?>
           

              These searches contain a wealth of information about
              computer graphics, data, software, techniques etc...

              3.  Search All Graphics Information <?> 

                  Will simply search all of the information contained
                  in searches 4, 5, and 6.

              4.  Search Comp.graphics FAQ <?>

                  Lets you search the FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
                  from the Comp.graphics newsgroup compiled by John
                  Grieggs at the JPL.

              5.  Search Graphics Resources (Software and Data) <?>

                  Lets you search the Grpahics Resource Listing of
                  software and data provided by Nick Fotis at the
                  National Technical Univ. of Athens.

              6.  Search Pictures Utilities FAQ <?>

                  Lets you search the FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
                  from the Alt.binaries.pixutils newsgroup compiled by
                  Jim Howard at Cadence.


Select:

 -->  3.  Search All Graphics Information <?>

And search for:

usgs


And you'll find out some information about USGS data availability.

Now select:

   -->  2.  Graphics Software and Data Archives (ftp sites)/

and you might find the following interesting:

   -->  12. Cartographic data - USGS data (Xerox)/

   -->  42. Mapgen/Plotgen and more (USGS)/

   -->  68. USGS Weekly Seismicity Reports (including maps - GIF)/

   -->  68. USGS Earth Science Data Directory/
             (This actually is a database of available data - search
              it for terrain - could prove quite useful.)

One other place to look is only available by anonymous ftp at
the moment - 

US Geological Survey Maps  -  isdres.er.usgs.gov (130.11.48.2).


If you've never heard of gopher don't worry it's free and on the net,
write me a note if you'd like information on how to get started.


Best of luck,

Dan Jacobson

danj@welchgate.welch.jhu.edu
Any comments on the absorbtion of the Office of Exploration into the
Office of Space Sciences and the reassignment of Griffin to the "Chief
Engineer" position?  Is this just a meaningless administrative
shuffle, or does this bode ill for SEI?

In my opinion, this seems like a Bad Thing, at least on the surface.
Griffin seemed to be someone who was actually interested in getting
things done, and who was willing to look an innovative approaches to
getting things done faster, better, and cheaper.  It's unclear to me
whether he will be able to do this at his new position.

Does anyone know what his new duties will be?
--
_______________________________________________________________________________
: I will clarify my earlier quote.  God's laws were originally written for 
: the Israelites.  Jesus changed that fact by now making the Law applicable to
: all people, not just the Jews.  Gentiles could be part of the kingdom of
: Heaven through the saving grace of God.  I never said that the Law was made
: obsolete by Jesus.

Just for reference, here's the earlier quote:
Malcolm Lee (mlee@post.RoyalRoads.ca) wrote in reference to Leviticus 21:9
and Deuteronomy 22:20-25:
: These laws written for the Israelites, God's chosen people whom God had
: expressly set apart from the rest of the world.  The Israelites were a
: direct witness to God's existence.  To disobey God after KNOWing that God
: is real would be an outright denial of God and therefore immediately
: punishable.
: Remember, these laws were written for a different time and applied only to
: God's chosen people.  But Jesus has changed all of that.  We are living in
: the age of grace.  Sin is no longer immediately punishable by death.  There
: is repentance and there is salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ.  And
: not just for a few chosen people.  Salvation is available to everyone, Jew
: and Gentile alike.

These are two conflicting statements.  To say one is a clarification of the
other is a breach of logic.  I don't mind people shifting their position on
an issue.  It irritates me when it is said under the premise that no change
was made.  What about Deuteronomy 22:20-25?  Is it wrong now?  Did Jesus
change that?

: If anything, He clarified the Law such as in that quote you made.  In the
: following verses, Jesus takes several portions of the Law and expounds upon
: the Law giving clearer meaning to what God intended.

Sure he does this.  However, he doesn't address the notion of stoning
non-virgin brides, because this needs no clarification.  Are you going to
deny that Deuteronomy 22:20-25 is not patently clear in its intent?

: I think you will agree with me that there are in today's world, a lot of
: modern-day Pharisees who know the bible from end to end but do not believe
: in it.  What good is head knowledge if there is nothing in the heart?

I'll agree that there is a lot of modern day Pharisees that know the Bible
from end to end and don't believe in it.  Depending on how they use this
knowledge, they can be scary.  They can argue any position they desire, and
back it up with selected parts of the Bible.  Such Pharisees include David
Koresh and Adolph Hitler.  I will qualify this by saying *I don't know* if
they actually believed what they were preaching, but the ends certainly
made the means look frightening.

However, just as scary are those that don't know much of the Bible, but
believe every word.  In fact, this is probably scarier, since there are far
more of these people, from what I've seen.  In addition, they are very easy
to manipulate by the aforementioned Pharisees, since they don't know enough
to debate with these people.

: Christianity is not just a set of rules; it's a lifestyle that changes one's
: perspectives and personal conduct.  And it demands obedience to God's will.

No, it demands obedience to a book.  If God came down and personally told
me how I should behave, then I would say that I would be doing God's will
by doing it.  However, if preachers, pastors, and evangelists tell me to
obey the will of a book written by people who have been dead for close to
two millenia (even longer for the OT), even if I follow everything in it
with my heart, I could scarcely be honest with myself by saying I'm doing
the will of God.

: Some people can live by it, but many others cannot or will not.  That is
: their choice and I have to respect it because God respects it too.

Well, if God respects it so much, how come there is talk in the Bible about
eternal damnation for non-believers?  I see little respect eminating from
the god of the Bible.  I see a selfish and spiteful god.

: God be with you,

Not yours, thanks ;)

: Malcolm Lee  :)

Rob Lanphier
lanphi872@snake.cs.uidaho.edu
lanph872@uidaho.edu

And for the curious, here is my earlier post:
Could anyone enlighten me on how the Mormon church views 
children born out of wedlock?  In particular I'm interested to know if any 
stigma is attached to the children as opposed to the parents.  I'm especially 
keen to learn if there is or is not any prohibition in the Mormon faith on 
bastards entering heaven or having their names entered in the big genealogical 
book the Mormons keep in Salt Lake City.  If this is an issue on which the 
"official" position has changed over time, I'm interested in learning both old 
and new beliefs.  E-mail or posting is fine.  All information or pointers are 
appreciated.
Eric ("Damien"?) was presenting his views on Christianity; I'll
respond to a few of his points:


This is certainly a valid objection to religion-as-explanation-of-
nature.  

Fortunately for the convenience of us believers, there is a class of
questions that can never be reduced away by natural science.  For
example: why does the universe exist at all?  After all, the time-space
world didn't have to exist.  Why does *anything* exist? And: is it
possible for persons (e.g. man) to come into being out of a purely
impersonal cosmos?  These questions which look at the real mysteries of
life -- the creation of the world and of persons -- provide a permanent
indicator that the meaning of life in the material world can only be
found *outside* that world, in its Source.



When you say that man is *only* an animal, I have to think that you are
presenting an unprovable statement -- a dogma, if you will.  And one
the requires a kind of "faith" too.   By taking such a hard line in
your atheism, you may have stumbled into a religion of your own.

But before you write off all Christianity as phony and shallow, I hope
you'll do a little research into its history and varieties, perhaps by
reading Paul Johnson's "A History of Christianity".  From your remarks,
it seems that you have been exposed to certain types of Christian
religion and not others.  Even an atheist should have enough faith in
Man to know that a movement of 2000 years has to have some depth, and
be animated by some enduring values.

With best wishes,
Hi Everyone--

  It's spend-the-money-before-it-goes-away time here at U.Florida
and we need to find some PC-based software that will do contour
plotting with irregular boundaries,i.e., a 2-D profile of a soil
                                    system with a pond superimposed
                /-----------------  on it.  We've given SURFER a
    POND      /                  |  trial run but it interpolates
            /                    |  contours out into the pond and/or
----------/                      |  creates artifacts at the borders.
a response, I'll post a summary.  Thanks -- (and now back to lurking).
pwhite@empros.com (Peter White) relates a story about a person who 
gives a message in tongues which consists entirely of the words pu'
ka.  He was asked to refrain from doing that.



Nice story but it sets off my urban legend (or is it charismatic
legend?) alarms.  Can the linguists on the net identify the language
from the description?  Or can they even attest that such a language
exists.  It seems to be odd enough (at least by the standards of
European languages) that if it exists, it should be reasonably well
known to linguists as an extreme case of something or other.

Or have I just overreacted to your basic shaggy dog story?

Will


---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Please, leave heaven out of it.  For his own sake, I pray that Dan does
take it literally because that's how God intended it to be taken.  Dan,
your view of many groups appears correct from my point of view.
However, I have found a group which is truly meeting requirements laid
down by the Bible on what it means to be a disciple of Jesus.  I have no
clue where wwc is, but please mail me.  I'd really like to get you in
touch with them.

[insert deletion of ranting about other religions which obviously has
gone off-center of Dan's original context]

Dan, I'm familiar with this one.  You've got a point, though.  There are
some who don't want to turn over everything and be a disciple, some have
no clue about it because they've not been taught, some have done exactly
that and turned over everything to follow Jesus, some are blocked by
difficult doctrine taught by uncaring Pharisees and teachers of the law.
However, Jesus pointed out what it takes to follow him and to be his
disciple in Luke 9:23-26 and Luke 14:25-33.  My question is:  why do
people ignore the command and treat it as optional?  I certainly don't
have an answer to this.

[insert deletion]


My parents had nothing to do with it.  God had and has everything to do
with it.  As for these attacking responses, I must say that I disagree
with your tone and what appears to be some very judgmental statements
(possibly to the point of slander) when talking about people, not what
they do.  Please, if you have a response, state it instead of flying off
the handle on some discourse which may have nothing truly to do with
what is being discussed.  I'm sure both Dan and I would have a much
happier time with your responses.

I live in Colorado, and have never heard of such a group.  Obviously claims 
that their posters are appearing "all over Colorado" are a tad overdone... 


Hardly.  Saying that homosexuality is a sin is a far cry from 
"Working for a fag-free America".  Saying that I wouldn't want 
a homosexual babysitting for my kids doesnt mean I endorse 
"Against Immoral Gross Homosexual Trash".  


And now we have homosexual advocates telling us that if we don't teach 
our kids that homosexuality is natural and a perfectly acceptable 
alternative lifestyle, then they will have it done for us.  No, thanks. 


Absolutely.  And the message is always, "go and sin no more".  Not, 
Go and do whatever "feels good". 



This sounds real nice, but struck me as a little odd.  You're 
presenting yourself as if you were a straight Xian, who is sticking
his neck out and taking on the challenge of speaking out in support 
of gays in the church.  But I was under the impression that you
yourself are gay.  That's all well and fine, but presenting yourself 
as sticking out your neck to help "repressed others" seems a bit 
untruthful under the circumstances.... 

I think he wanted to avoid reinventing the wheel.
I would suggest that you take your code, and submit it to
comp.sys.mac.binaries to be distributed (including to the ftp sites). 
Many folks, myself included, would enjoy the extra code.


Just to clarify, the 3D routines that are mentioned in various places
on the mac are in a libray, not the ROM of the mac.  A few years ago before
I knew anything about implementing graphics, I came across a demo of the
Apple GrafSys3D library and it actually did a lot.  However, it is quite
limited in the sense that it's a low-level 3D library; your code still has
to plot individual points, draw each line, etc ad nauseum.  It has nothing
on GL, for example, where you can handle objects.

Other things to consider when talking about Apple's old 3D GrafSys library:

* Unsupported;  never was and no plans exist to do so in the future

* Undocumented; unless you call header files documentation...

If one knows something about graphics, you could probably figure it out,
but I'd assume there's better software available that gives better
output and is, at the same time, programmatically nicer (i.e. easier to
program).

Just my 2% tax
Frank, I got your mailing on early historical references to Christianity.
I'd like to respond, but I lost your address.  Please mail me.
[bits deleted]


I'd be fascinated to see such evidence, please send me your article!
On the negative side however, I suspect that any such simplistic link
    abstinence-education => decreased pregnancy,
    contraceptive-education => increased pregnancy
is false.  The US, which I'd guess has one of the largest proportion of 
"non-liberal" sex education in the western world also has one of the highest
teenage pregnancy rates.  (Please correct me if my guess is wrong.)

Is anybody out there willing to discuss with me careers in the Army that deal
with space?  After I graduate, I will have a commitment to serve in the Army, 
and I would like to spend it in a space-related field.  I saw a post a long
time ago about the Air Force Space Command which made a fleeting reference to
its Army counter-part.  Any more info on that would be appreciated.  I'm 
looking for things like: do I branch Intelligence, or Signal, or other?  To
whom do I voice my interest in space?  What qualifications are necessary?
Etc, etc.  BTW, my major is computer science engineering.

Please reply to ktj@reef.cis.ufl.edu
/(me)

/(hudson)
/Why does that make something immoral?



Because you are not being consistent.  Moral systems must be consistent.

A person who thinks they can inflict pain on others, but doesn't want it 
inflicted upon themselves, has a double standard.  And double standards are
a violation of *any* moral system.





(me)

/(hudson)
/Of course we don't like pain.  I don't like brussel sprouts.  Are brussel
/sprouts immoral?

Pain isn't immoral, stupid.  Pain itself is just a physiological
reaction.  

What >>is<< immoral is subjecting unwilling individuals to pain.

Or brussel sprouts, for that matter.






(hudson)
(me)

/(hudson)
/Why would it be wrong to make humans undergo the effects of the reactions
/if humans are composed only of matter?  

What humans are composed of isn't the qualifying criteria of whether or
not something would be wrong.  




/(hudson)
/Is it wrong to make matter undergo chemical reactions?

Yes, if it is sentient matter.



/(me)
/>Nature is not a sentient force; there is no choice involved.  Therefore,
/>no question of morality.


/(hudson)
/I actually heard a geologist entertain the notion that matter had a will.
/There is some sentient force out there.  

Fine.  I have also heard that the government is encoding the DNA for 
a new race of superhumans in ordinary drinking water.  

What's your point?



/(hudson)
/If humans are made only of matter, then choices are also chemical reactions,
/so why is choice an important issue.

And if that is the case, then god is only an idea contained in the minds
of people (formed of matter) and on printed pages (also formed of matter)
and does not really exist.  

I was chaining around in the anonymous ftp world looking for 3D Studio
meshes and other interesting graphical stuff for the program, and found
a few files with the extension 3D2.  My 3DS v2.01 doesn't know this type
of file, so what are they?

And of course, the perennial... Where are some meshes, fli files, etc.
out there?   I would have thought that someone would have collected a few
and put them somewhere, but alas I am without this knowledge.

mucho appreciato
Does anybody know if there are any good 2d-graphics packages
	available for IBM RS/6000 & AIX ? I'm looking for something
	like DEC's GKS or Hewlett-Packards Starbase, both of which
	have reasonably good support for different output devices
	like plotters, terminals, X etc.

	I have tried also xgks from X11 distribution and IBM's implementation
	of Phigs. Both of them work but we require more output devices
	than just X-windows.

	Our salesman at IBM was not very familiar with graphics and
	I am not expecting for any good solutions from there.


		Ari

---
A brief political/cultural item.

Radio station WGMS in Washington is a classical music station with
a large audience among high officials (elected and otherwise).  
Imagine a radio station that advertises Mercedes Benzes, diamond
jewelry, expensive resorts and (truthfully) Trident submarines.

This morning I heard a commercial for the space station project.
Didn't catch the advertiser.

Guess they're pulling out all the stops.

 I spoke with the author of MacWireFrame earlier today. The cost is $299, but there
 are no license royalties. His name is Eric Johnson in Sacramento, CA phone
 916/737-1550. He doesn't have email. Very nice guy... very knowledgeable about
 graphics. Seems like he may have a decent package. It's an Object Pascal Framework
 that supposedly has a fairly complete set of geometry creation classes. 
 I'm going to check it out and see if it's got what I need for my CAD package.

 I also found another package: 3D Graphic Tools by Micro System Options in Seattle.
 The number is: 206/868-5418, also no email. The package is strong at ray tracing,
 I'm not too sure about its geometry creation tools. I also need to look into this
 package some more. I also spoke with the author, Mark Owens, another nice
 guy that seems to know his business. The price is $249, no royalties.

   You ask where we are.  I would echo that question.  I'm not trying to be
   contentious.  But assuming that the Pope has universal jurisdiction
   and authority, what authority do you rely upon for your decisions?
   What prevents me from choosing ANY doctrine I like and saying that
   Papal disagreement is an error that will be resolved in time?
   This is especially true, since Councils of Bishops have basically
   stood by the Pope.

The ultimate question is the traditional theology of the Church.  This
is the *only* thing that it is possible to resist a Pope for: his
departure from the traditional doctrine of the Church.  If commands
from *any* authority conflict with Tradition, the commands must be
disobeyed.

My own view on this is that this conflict could only happen in a major
way.  God would never allow a hair-splitting situation to develop; it
would be too complex for people to figure out.  I don't view the
present situation in the Church as anything extremely complicated.
Run through a list of what has happened in the last 30 years in the
Catholic Church, and any impartial observer will be aghast.

   It appears that much of what lies at the heart of this matter is
   disagreements over what is tradition and Tradition, and also over
   authority and discipline.  

The problems stem from a general widespread ignorance of the Catholic
Faith, in my opinion.  Most Catholics know about zilch about the
Catholic Faith; this leaves them wide open for destruction by erring
bishops.  It's basically the Reformation part II.

There is not even a question in my mind that in some respects the
shards of the Catholic Church are currently being trampled upon by the
Catholic hierarchy.  I could go on listing shocking things for an
hour, probably.

Take the situation in Campos, Brazil, for example.  I'm reading a book
on what happened there after Vatican Council II.  The bishop, Antonio
de Castro-Mayer, never introduced all the changes that followed in the
wake of Vatican II.  He kept the traditional Mass, the same old
catechisms, etc.  He made sure the people knew their faith, the
Catholic theology of obedience, what Modernism was, etc.  He
innoculated the people against what was coming.

Well, one day the order came from Rome for his retirement.  It came
when the Pope was sick.  Bishop de Castro-Mayer waited until the Pope
recovered, then inquired whether this command was what the Pope really
wanted, or something that some Liberal had commanded in his absence.
The Pope confirmed the decision.  So the good bishop retired.

The injustice that followed was completely incredible.  A new bishop
was installed.  He proceeded to expel most of bishop de Castro-Mayer's
clergy from their churches, because they refused to celebrate the New
Mass.  The new bishop would visit a parish, and celebrate a New Mass.
The people would promptly walk out of the church en masse.  The bishop
was *enraged* by this.  He usually resorted to enlisting the help of
the secular authorities to eject the priest from the church.  The
priests would just start building new churches; the people were
completely behind them.  The old parishes had the New Mass, as the
bishop desired -- and virtually no parishioners.

The prime motivation for all this was completely illegal, according to
canon law.  No priest can be penalized in any way for saying the
traditional Mass, because of legislation enacted by Pope Saint Pius V.
Nor is there any obligation to say the New Mass.

During all this process, the people of Campos, not just private
individuals, but including civil authorities, were constantly sending
petitions and letters to Rome to do something about the new Modernist
bishop.  NOTHING was ever done; no help ever arrived from Rome.
Eventually 37 priests were kicked out, and about 40,000 people.

   My question to the supporters of SSPX is this:

	 Is there ANY way that your positions with respect to church reforms
	 could change and be conformed to those of the Pope? (assuming that
	 the Pope's position does not change and that the leaders of SSPX
	 don't jointly make such  choice.)

   If not, this appears to be claiming infallible teaching authority.
   If I adopt the view that "I'm NOT wrong, I CAN'T be wrong, and
   there's NO WAY I'll change my mind, YOU must change yours", that
   I've either left the Catholic Church or it has left me.

If the Pope defines certain things ex cathedra, that would be the end
of the controversy.  That process is all very well understood in
Catholic theology, and anyone who doesn't go along with it is an
instant non-Catholic.

The problem here is that people do not appreciate what is going on in
the Catholic world.  If they knew the Faith, and what our bishops are
doing, they would be shocked!

   We sould argue from now until the Second Coming about what the "real"
   traditional teaching of the Church is.  If this were a simple matter
   East and West would not have been separated for over 900 years.

This isn't the case in the Catholic Church.  There is a massive body
of traditional teaching.  The Popes of the last 150 years are
especially relevant.  There is no question at all what the traditional
doctrine is.

   I thought that the teaching magisterieum of the church did not allow
   error in teachings regarding faith and morals even in the short term.`
   I may be wrong here, I'm not Roman Catholic. :-)

That's heresy, more or less.  Although they have done a great job
since the Reformation, the last 30 years have seen so many errors
spread that it's pitiful.

Infallibility rests in the Pope, and in the Church as a whole.  In the
short term, a Pope, or large sections of the Church can go astray.  In
fact, that's what usually happens during a major heresy: large
sections of the Church go astray.  (The Pope historically has been
much more reliable.)  Everything will always come back in the long
run.

   What would be the effect of a Pope making an ex cathedra statement
   regarding the SSPX situation?  Would it be honored?  If not, how
   do you get around the formal doctrine of infallibility?
   Again, I'm not trying to be contentions, I'm trying to understand.
   Since I'm Orthodox, I've got no real vested interest in the outcome,
   one way or the other.

Yes, it would be honored.  Infallibility is infallibility.  But what
is he going to define?  That the New Mass is a better expression of
the Catholic Faith than the old?  That sex education in the Catholic
schools is wonderful?  That all religions are wonderful except for
that professed by the Popes prior to Vatican II?

   It does if the command was legitimate.  SSPX does not view the
   Pope's commands as legitimate.  Why?  This is a VERY slippery slope.
I am looking for comments from people who have used/heard about PhotoShop
for Windows. Is it good? How does it compare to the Mac version? Is there
a lot of bugs (I heard the Windows version needs "fine-tuning)?

Any comments would be greatly appreciated..

Thank you.

Lets see what the dictionary has to say:

objective adj. 1. As having to do with a material object as distinguished
from a mental concept. 2. Having actual existance. 3.a. Uninfluenced
by emotion or personal prejudice. b. Based on observable phenomenon.




J.N. Darby was one of the founders of the "Plymouth Brethren" and an
early supporter of dispensationalism.  F.F. Bruce highly approved
of his translation.  He also translated the Bible into several other
languages.


This was from the same fellow who did Young's Concordance, which was
a standard reference work, similar to Strong's concordance.


I believe that these just follow standard reference works.


Some are by Larry Pierce ("Brethren"), some are by Baptists, and I
think that Thompson (of chain reference fame) was Presbyterian)


Another standard reference work that has been around for decades.
A new version was just released and is available through Christian
Book Distributers.


C.I. Scofield was the creator of the Scofield Reference Bible.  For many
people (but not me), this is THE STUDY BIBLE.  The notes are strongly
dispensational.


These are probably the most accurate Strong's numbers available.


Please, please don't make Barney to a modern martyr/saviour mythical
figure. I detest this being, and if humans will create a religion in his
name, then life will be unbearable :-).

Cheers,
Kent
I'm getting ready to buy a multimedia workstation and would like a little
advice.  I need a graphics card that will do video in and out under windows.
I was originally thinking of a Targa+ but that doesn't work under Windows.
What cards should I be looking into?

Thanks,
Craig

I have two books, both NASA Special Publications, on the Voyager 
Missions. One is titled "Voyages to Jupiter" the other "Voyage to Saturn" 
These were excellent books put together after the encounters with each 
planet. 

The question is: Did NASA ever put together a similar book for either the 
Uranus encounter or Neptune? If so, what SP number is it and where can it 
be obtained? If not, why didn't they?



          101 Courageous Dr. 
          Leage City, TX  77573
          Phone: (713) 538-6000   

         
Good Luck!
Doug 

Sorry!! :-)

Call the four points A, B, C and D. Any three of them must be
non-collinear (otherwise all three could not lie on the surface
of a sphere) and all four must not be coplaner (otherwise either
they cannot all lie on a sphere or they define an infinity of them).

A, B and C define a circle. The perpendicular bisectors of AB, BC
and CA  meet in a point (P, say) which is the centre of this circle.
This circle must lie on the surface of the desired sphere.

Consider the normal to the plane ABC passing through P. All points
on this normal are equidistant from A, B and C and its circle (in
fact it is a diameter of the desired sphere). Take the plane
containing this normal and D (if D lies on the normal any
plane containing the normal will do); this plane is at right angles
to the ABC one.

Let E be the point (there are normally two of them) on the circumference
of the ABC circle which lies in this plane. We need a point Q on the
normal such that EQ = DQ. But the intersection of the perpendicular
bisector of ED and the normal is such a point (and it exists since D is
not in the plane ABC, and so ED is not at right angles to the normal).


Algorithm:

Is the sphere well defined?
    (1) Check that A and B are not coincident (=> failure).
    (2) Find the line AB and check that C does not lie on it (=> failure).
    (3) Find the plane ABC and check that D does not lie in it (=> failure).
Yes. Find its centre.
    (1) Find the perpendicular bisectors of AB and AC.
    (2) Find their point of intersection (P).
    (3) Find the normal to the plane ABC passing through P (line N).
    (4) Find the plane containing N and D; find the point E on the
	ABC circle in this plane (if D lies on N, take E as A).
    (4) Find the perpendicular bisector of ED (line L)
    (5) Find the point of intersection of N and L (Q).
Q is the centre of the desired sphere


Pictures:

(1) In the plane ABC

			A


                                P
                 
                B                               C

(2) At right-angles to ABC, in the plane containing N and D

			E


                                                          D

    line N
    --------------------P-------------Q---------------------------


Numerically:

If ED << EP then Q will be very close to P (relative to the radius
of the ABC circle) and subject to error. It's best to choose D so
that the least of AD, BD and CD is larger than for any other choice.

[deleted] 

I am glad that I am not an atheist.  It seems tragic that some people 
choose a meaningless existence.  How terrible to go on living only 
because one fears death more than life.  I feel so sorry for Eric and 
yet any attempts to share my joy in life with him would be considered as 
further evidence of the infectious nature of Christianity.    

As a Christian I am free to be a human person.  I think, love, choose, 
and create.  I will live forever with God.

Christ is not a kind of drug.  Drugs are a replacement for Christ.  
Those who have an empty spot in the God-shaped hole in their hearts must 
do something to ease the pain.  This is why the most effective 
substance-abuse recovery programs involve meeting peoples' spiritual 
needs.

Thank you, Eric for your post.  It has helped me to appreciate how much 
God has blessed me.  I hope that you will someday have a more joy-filled 
and abundant life.
Well, that would depend on how much we wanted the US and how much
we wanted the $1, wouldn't it?
-Ekr

I'm currently looking for information about different graphics
formats, especially PPM, PCX BMP and perhaps GIF.
Does anyone know if there exist any files at some site
that describes these formats ???

Thanks !


  Bingo.
 Nothing evil at all. There's no actual harm in what they're doing, only
how they represent it.

 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 .sig files are like strings ... every yo-yo's got one.

  Thanks for these surreal moments....
                                               Srinivas

I have to beg to differ on this point, as the batch file I use
to launch cview cd's to the dir where cview resides and then
invokes it.  every time I crash cview, the 0-byte temp file
is found in the root dir of the drive cview is on.

just my $0.13,
cb

The National Air & Space Museum has both the prototype and the film.
When I was there, some years ago, they had the prototype on display and
the film continuously repeating.

Look for edge inconsistencies.  Consider two vertices, p and q, which
are connected by at least one edge.

If (p,q) is an edge, then (q,p) should *not* appear.  

If *both* (p,q) and (q,p) appear as edges, then the surface "flips" when
you travel across that edge.  This is bad.  

Assuming (warning...warning...warning) that you have an otherwise
acceptable surface - you can pick an edge, any edge, and traverse the
surface enforcing consistency with that edge.  

    0) pick an edge (p,q), and mark it as "OK"
    1) for each face, F, containing this edge (if more than 2, oops)
       make sure that all edges in F are consistent (i.e., the Face
       should be [(p,q),(q,r),(r,s),(s,t),(t,p)]).  Flip those which
       are wrong. Mark all of the edges in F as "OK",
       and add them to a queue (check for duplicates, and especially
       inconsistencies - don't let the queue have both (p,q) and (q,p)). 
    2) remove an edge from the queue, and go to 1).

If a *marked* edge is discovered to be inconsistent, then you lose.

If step 1) finds more than one face sharing a particular edge, then you
lose. 
    
Otherwise, when done, all of the edges will be consistent.  Which means
that all of the surface normals will either point IN or OUT.  Deciding
which way is OUT is left as an exercise...




: >There is an emergency oxygen system that is capable of maintaining a
: >breathable atmosphere in the cabin for long enough to come down, even
: >if there is something like a 5cm hole in the wall that nobody tries
: >to plug.

Josh Hopkins (jbh55289@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu) replied:
: Wow.

: Double wow.  Can you land a shuttle with a 5cm hole in the wall?

Personnally, I don't know, but I'd like to try it sometime.

Programmatically, yes, we can land an Orbiter with a 5 cm hole in
the wall -- provided that the thing which caused 5 cm hole didn't
cause a Crit 1 failure on some of the internal systems.  There are
a few places where a 5 cm hole would cause a Bad Day -- especially
if the 5 cm hole went all the way through the Orbiter and out the
other side, as could easily happen with a meteor strike.  But a
hole in the pressure vessel would cause us to immediately de-orbit
to the next available landing site.

-- Ken Jenks, NASA/JSC/GM2, Space Shuttle Program Office
      kjenks@gothamcity.jsc.nasa.gov  (713) 483-4368
I'm posting this for a friend:

  I have an immediate need for a polygon-based hidden-line removal  
  program.  I can deal with any input/output format, but I need to be able  
  to do perspective views in any orientation and range.

  Is there a public-domain hidden-line program around?  It seems like  
  there should be, but I have not been able to locate one.
Two follow up's to Mark's last posting:

	1.  As far as current investigations, the Church recently declared the
	    crying statue and corresponding messages from Mary at Akita,
	    Japan as approved (I found this out about a month ago.)

	2.  Again in the proof department, start with the appearances of Mary
	    at Fatima.  Among other things, there were pictures taken of the
	    "miracle of the sun" that appeared in some major American newspaper
	    (The New York Times, I believe) as well as most of the major
	    European newspapers.  

	    I could talk (or post) for hours on this topic, but... 
		(I have a thesis to write).
						God Bless,
							- Mike Walker
Hi! Everyone,

Because no one has touched the problem I posted last week, I guess
my question was not so clear. Now I'd like to describe it in detail:

The offset of an ellipse is the locus of the center of a circle which
rolls on the ellipse. In other words, the distance between the ellipse
and its offset is same everywhere.

This problem comes from the geometric measurement when a probe is used.
The tip of the probe is a ball and the computer just outputs the
positions of the ball's center. Is the offset of an ellipse still
an ellipse? The answer is no! Ironically, DMIS - an American Indutrial
Standard says it is ellipse. So almost all the software which was
implemented on the base of DMIS was wrong. The software was also sold
internationaly. Imagine, how many people have or will suffer from this bug!!!
How many qualified parts with ellipse were/will be discarded? And most
importantly, how many defective parts with ellipse are/will be used?

I was employed as a consultant by a company in Los Angeles last year
to specially solve this problem. I spent two months on analysis of this
problem and six months on programming. Now my solution (nonlinear)
is not ideal because I can only reconstruct an ellipse from its entire
or half offset. It is very difficult to find the original ellipse from
a quarter or a segment of its offset because the method I used is not
analytical. I am now wondering if I didn't touch the base and make things
complicated. Please give me a hint.

I know you may argue this is not a CG problem. You are right, it is not.
However, so many people involved in the problem "sphere from 4 poits".
Why not an ellipse? And why not its offset?

Please post here and let the others share our interests 
(I got several emails from our netters, they said they need the
summary of the answers).


Also would maybe get the Russians Involved. After all they do have the resources
to do it in part.. But they need the capital and the goal..

I wonder if renting the russians resources would be a disqualification?

From the "JPL Universe"
April 23, 1993

SIRTF is still very much in business
Hi again,

Many thanks to all the people who responded to my request for a MS-
Windows screen grabber.  It proves to me AGAIN that the net is a 
wonderful thing.  :-)

So, in summary:

There are two choices:

1)	Various screen grabber packages (Corel Draw has one, there are
a couple on simtel and cica).

2)	Use the built-in PrintScreen and Alt-PrintScreen functionality
to paste the screen (or window) to the clipboard.  Then paste the 
clipboard to your application.  Cool!

Again, thanks for the info...

Grant (the MS-Windows newbie -- Unix and X are my bag ;-)

A few days back someone posted info on a gopher site where you could
search for medical graphics, etc.  Could someone please repost or mail me
a copy?  I'd greatly appreciate it.  Thanks!

Mark
I have a nice quote that I like (or as close as I can remember it).

If I say something that you think is crazy, ask me what I mean before you think
its crazy.. 

So some of my ideas are a bit odd, off the wall and such, but so was Wilbur and
Orville Wright, and quite a few others.. Sorry if I do not have the big degrees
and such, but I think (I might be wrong, to error is human) I have something
that is in many ways just as important, I have imagination, dreams. And without
dreams all the knowledge is worthless.. 

Sorry my two cents worth. Or is it two rubles worth?

The basic quote idea is from H. Beam Pipers book "Space Vikings". Its a good
book on how civilization can fall, and how it can be raised to new heights.

 >In article <1993Apr19.020359.26996@sq.sq.com>, msb@sq.sq.com (Mark Brader) 

MB>                                                             So the
MB> 1970 figure seems unlikely to actually be anything but a perijove.

JG>Sorry, _perijoves_...I'm not used to talking this language.

Couldn't we just say periapsis or apoapsis?

 


The name is a working name only; quite unofficial.  The formal designation
is 1993 FW.


John:

	It not "good netiquette" to quote a complete article :-) NOTHING
PERSONAL, Please! :-)

	This views sadden me too! Don't think that I don't care! Sorry
if it seemed different. It IS serious stuff; but I have a 'sick' sense of
humor though (some say... :-)

Tolerance!

Perhaps we have different definitions of absolute then.  To me,
an absolute is something that is constant across time, culture,
situations, etc.  True in every instance possible.  Do you agree
with this definition?  I think you do:


A simple example:

In the New Testament (sorry I don't have a Bible at work, and can't
provide a reference), women are instructed to be silent and cover
their heads in church.  Now, this is scripture.  By your definition, 
this is truth and therefore absolute.  

Do women in your church speak?  Do they cover their heads?  If all 
scripture is absolute truth, it seems to me that women speaking in and 
coming to church with bare heads should be intolerable to evangelicals.  
Yet, clearly, women do speak in evangelical churches and come with bare 
heads.  (At least this was the case in the evangelical churches I grew 
up in.)

Evangelicals are clearly not taking this particular part of scripture 
to be absolute truth.  (And there are plenty of other examples.)
Can you reconcile this?


I don't claim that there are *no* absolutes.  I think there are very
few, though, and determining absolutes is difficult.



But you are claiming that all of Scripture is absolute.  How can you
determine absolutes derived from Scripture when you can't agree how
to interpret the Scripture?  

It's very difficult to see how you can claim something which is based 
on your own *interpretation* is absolute.  Do you deny that your own
background, education, prejudices, etc. come into play when you read the 
Bible, and determine how to interpret a passsage?  Do you deny that 
you in fact interpret?
Well thank you dennis for your as usual highly detailed and informative 
posting.   

The question i have about the proton, is  could it be  handled at
one of KSC's spare pads, without major  malfunction,  or could it be
handled at kourou  or Vandenberg?   

Now if it uses storables,  then  how long would it take for the russians
to equip something at cape york?

If  Proton were launched from a western site,  how would it compare to the
T4/centaur?   As i see it, it should lift  very close to the T4.

I have also heard it called an expression of mercy, because Heaven would be
far more agonizing for those who had rejected God.





In fact, you can all direct your ire at the proper target by ingoring NASA 
altogether.  The rocket is a commercial launch vechicle - a Conestoga flying 
a COMET payload.  NASA is simply the primary customer.  I believe SDIO has a
small payload as well.  The advertising space was sold by the owners of the
rocket, who can do whatever they darn well please with it.  In addition, these
anonymous "observers" had no reason to be startled.  The deal made Space News
at least twice. 




I think its only fair to find that out before everyone starts having a hissy
fit.  The fact that they bothered to use the conditional tense suggests that
it has not yet been approved.




Science does not progress via experimentation but by philosophising.  One
aim of experiments is to investigate the validity of the hyptheses
resulting from the models produced by this thinking process.


Science has one advantage of all other approaches to explaining the world.
It is objective.


Anything which affects the physical world can be studied.  For example,
since we are part of the physical world, anything (including spirits) which
affects our behaviour can be observed.  Science does not make any claims
about the existence or non-existence of objects which do not affect the
physical world.


The purpose of science is to produce a model of the *physical* world.  The
model must be able to explain all past observations and predict the outcome
of future observations.  One of the aims of experiments is to carry out
well defined observations which are objective.

Ideally scientist will except the model which best describes the world, and
the model which realises on the minimal number of assumptions.  At the
moment models which do not rely on the assumption of some *spiritual* world
existing are equally powerful to ones which assume the assumption of a
*spiritual* world.  As the non-spiritual models has fewer assumptions it
should be the currently accepted models.

The scientific process never assumes that its present models are the
correct ones, whereas many religions claim to represent the truth.  The
arrogance of many theists is that they claim to represent the truth, this
cannot be said of scientists.

I've had exactly the same problems in Aldus Freehand.  I think autotracing
is one of those "features" that barely works, but everybody feels compelled
to throw it in because the other guys are doing it.  :)



There is a new product for the (IBM'ers) out there... it is called
IMAGINE and it just started shipping yesterday... I can personally attest that it will blow the doors off of 3D-Studio.  It is made by IMPUlSE, and is in its
3rd version....(1st) for the IBM.... it can do morphing, your standard key-framming animation, it is a raytracer (reflections & shadows), and can do/apply special FX to objects... (like ripple, explode, bounce) things of that nature.  Also it has algorithmic texture maps....and your standard brushmapping also...

you can have animated brushmaps...(ie. live video mapped on the objs)...
also animated backdrops (ie. live video backgrounds)
also animted reflections maps....

you get the idea.... it will run for about 500$ retail (I think)...

dont let the low price fool you.... this product can do it all when it
comes to 3D-animation and Renderering...!

also....does anyone here know how to get in the Imagine mailing list??
please e-mail me if you do or post up here....

oh...the number for IMPULSE is --->1 800 328 0184
 ^^^^^^^^^
1 Cor 11:31-32 "But if we judged ourselves, we would not come under judgment. 
When we are judged by the ^^^^^^ ^^^^^^^^^ Lord, we are being discipled so
that we will not be condemned with the world."

1 Cor 5:3 "Even though I am not physically present, I am with you in spirit.
And I have already passed judgment on the one who did this, just as if I were
present."          ^^^^^^ ^^^^^^^^

1 Cor 2:15-16 "The spiritual man makes judgments about all things, but he
himself is not     ^^^^^^^^^ subject to any man's      ^^^ judgement:  'For
who has known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him?'  But we have the
mind of Christ."

Jude :14-15 "Enoch, the seventh from Adam, prophesied about these men:  'See,
the Lord is coming with thousands upon thousands of his holy ones to judge
everyone, and to   ^^^^ convict all the ungodly of  ^^^ ^^^^ ^^^^ ^^ ^^^^^ all
the ungodly acts they have done in the ungodly way, and of all the harsh words
ungodly sinners have spoken against him.'"

Arrogance is a sin.  Although a desire to show others of one's rightness may
be a sign of arrogance in some cases,  it may be only a sign that they are
following the Bible in others:

Jude :22-23 "Be merciful to those who doubt; snatch others from the fire and
save them; to others show mercy, mixed with  ^^^^^^ fear -- hating  ^^^^ even
^^^^ the clothing stained by corrupted flesh."



I hope you don't find me arrogant, then.  This sounds like a bad practice --
ignoring what certain people say because you perceive them as arrogant.

James 1:19 "My dear brothers, take note of this:  Everyone should be quick to
listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry,"
=  
= : [ The discussion begins: why does the universe exist at all?  ]
=  
= : One of the Laws of Nature, specifying cause and effect seems to dictate 
= : (at least to this layman's mind) there must be a causal event.  No
= : reasonable alternative exists.
= 
= I would argue that causality is actually a property of spacetime; 
= causes precede their effects. 

And I must concede here.  Cause *before* effect, implies time, time is part
of spacetime.  Hense, the argument would be valid.  I could return and say 
that this does not infer the cause and effect relationship being *unique*
to *this* spacetime, but I won't 8^), because the point is moot.  Doesn't
address why (which Petri Pikho addresses below).  

I also concede that I was doubly remiss, as I asserted "No reasonable
alternative exists", an entirely subjective statement on my part (and one
that could  be invalidated, given time and further discovery by the
scientist).  I also understand that a proving a theory does not necessarily
specify that "this is how it happened", but proposes a likely description of
the phenomena in question.  Am I mistaken with this understanding?

= But if you claim that there must be
= an answer to "how" did the universe (our spacetime)  emerge from 
= "nothing", science has some good candidates for an answer.

All of which require something we Christians readily admit to: ``Faith''.

The fact that there are several candidates belies that *none* are conclusive.  
With out conclusive evidence, we are left with faith.

It could even be argued that one of these hypotheses may one day be proven (as
best as a non-repeatable event can be "proven").  But I ask, what holds  
someone *today* to the belief that any or all of them are correct, except by 
faith?

[ a couple of paragraphs deleted.  Summary: we ask "Why does the
universe exist" ]

= I think this question should actually be split into two parts, namely
= 
= 1) Why is there existence? Why anything exists?
= 
= and
= 
= 2) How did the universe emerge from nothing?
= 
= It is clear science has nothing to say about the first question. However,
= is it a meaningful question, after all?
=
= I would say it isn't. Consider the following:

Apparently it *is* for many persons.  Hence, we *have* religions.

= The question "why anything exists" can be countered by
= demanding answer to a question "why there is nothing in nothingness,
= or in non-existence".  Actually, both questions turn out to be
= devoid of meaning. Things that exist do, and things that don't exist
= don't exist. Tautology at its best.

Carefully examine the original question, and then the "counter-question". 
The first asks "Why", while the second is a request for definition.  It 
doesn't address why something does or does not exist, but asks to define 
the lack of existence.  The second question is unanswerable indeed, for
how do we identify something as "nothing" (aren't they mutually exclusive
terms)?.  How do we identify a state of non-existence (again, this is
nearing the limits of this simple layman's ability to comprehend, and I
would appreciate an explanation). 

I might add, the worldview of "Things that exist do, and things that
don't...don't" is as grounded in the realm of the non-falsifiable,
as does the theist's belief in God.  It is based on the assumption
that there is *not* a reason for being, something as ultimately
(un)supportable as the position of there being a reason.  Its very
foundation exists in the same soil as that of one who claims there *is* a
reason.

We come to this. Either "I am, therefore I am.", or "I am for a reason."
If the former is a satisfactory answer, then you are done, for you are
satisfied, and need not a doctor.  If the latter, your search is just
beginning.  

= I seriously doubt God could have an answer to this question.

Time will tell. 8^)

= 
= Some Christians I have talked to have said that actually, God is
= Himself the existence. However, I see several problems with this
= answer. First, it inevitably leads to the conclusion that God is
= actually _all_ existence, good and evil, devils and angels, us and
= them. This is pantheism, not Christianity.

Agreed.  It would lead me to question their definition of Christianity as
well.

= Another answer is that God is the _source_ of all existence.
= This sounds much better, but I am tempted to ask: Does God
= Himself exist, then? If God is the source of His own existence,
= it can only mean that He has, in terms of human time, always
= existed. But this is not the same as the source of all existence.

This does not preclude His existence.  It only seeks to identify His
*qualities* (implying He exists to *have* qualities, BTW).

= The best answer I have heard is that human reasoning is incapable
= of understanding such questions. Being an atheist myself, I do not
= accept such answers, since I do not have any other methods.

Like the theist, we come to a statement of faith, for this position assumes 
that the evidence at hand is conclusive.  Note, I am not arguing against 
scientific endeavor, for science is useful for understanding the universe in
which we exist. But I differ from the atheist in a matter of perspective.  I
seek to understand what exists to understand and appreciate the art of the
Creator.

I also have discovered science is an inadequate tool to answer "why".   It
appears that M. Pihko agrees (as we shall see).  But because a tool is
inadequate to answer a question does not preclude the question.  Asserting
that 'why' is an invalid question does not provide an answer.  

= : As far as I can tell, the very laws of nature demand a "why".  That isn't
= : true of something outside of nature (i.e., *super*natural).
= 
= This is not true. Science is a collection of models telling us "how",
= not why, something happens. I cannot see any good reason why the "why"
= questions would be bound only to natural things, assuming that the
= supernatural domain exists. If supernatural beings exist, it is
= as appropriate to ask why they do so as it is to ask why we exist.

My apologies.  I was using why as "why did this come to be".  Why did
pre-existence become existence.  Why did pre-spacetime become spacetime.

But we come to the admission that science fails to answer "Why?".  Because
it can't be answered in the realm of modern science, does that make the
question invalid?
= : I don't believe *any*
= : technology would be able to produce that necessary *spark* of life, despite
= : having all of the parts available. Just my opinion.
= 
= This opinion is also called vitalism; namely, that living systems are
= somehow _fundamentally_ different from inanimate systems. Do Christians
= in general adopt this position? What would happen when scientists announce
= they have created primitive life (say, small bacteria) in a lab?

I suppose we would do the same thing as when Galileo or Capernicus was 
*vindicated*  (before someone starts jumping up and down screaming
"Inquisition!", note I said *vindicated*.  I certainly hope we've gotten
beyond the "shooting the messenger" stage).

M. Pihko does present a good point though.  We may need to ask "What do I 
as an individual Christian base my faith on?"  Will it be shaken by the
production of evidence that shatters our "sacred cows" or will we seek to
understand if a new discovery truly disagrees with what God *said* (and
continues to say) in his Word?

"Why do I ask why?" (apologies to Budweiser and company 8^]).

Jason.



note: i am not the original poster, i am just answering because i
think this is important.

[evil result of human sinfulness, rather than the will of God]

whoo.  i'm going to have to be very careful with my language here.  i
think God is voluntarily giving up his omniscience in this world so
that we can decide on our own where we go -- free will.  in this sense
God allows evil to occur, and in this sense can be "held responsible"
as my chaplain says.  however, his will is, of course, that all be
saved.  he's not going to save us "by himself" -- we have to take a
step in his direction before he will save us.  read that last sentence
carefully -- i'm not saying we save ourselves.  i'm saying we have to
ACCEPT our salvation.  i do not believe in predestination -- it would
appear from what you say further down that you do.  

[stuff deleted]

ok -- i have trouble with that, but i guess that's one of those things
that can't be resolved by argument.  i accept your interpretation.

[more deleted]
			     ^^^^^^^^^
this is what indicates to me that you may believe in predestination.
am i correct?  i do not believe in predestination -- i believe we all
choose whether or not we will accept God's gift of salvation to us.
again, fundamental difference which can't really be resolved.

[yet more deleted]

yes, it is up to God to judge.  but he will only mete out that
punishment at the last judgement.  as for now, evil can be done by
human beings that is NOT God's will -- and the best we can do is see
taht some good comes out of it somehow.  the thing that most worries
me about the "it is the will of God" argument is that this will
convince people that we should not STOP the rape and killing when i
think that it is most christ-like to do just that.  if jesus stopped
the stoning of an adulterous woman (perhaps this is not a good
parallel, but i'm going to go with it anyway), why should we not stop
the murder and violation of people who may (or may not) be more
innocent?

Dear Netters:

A new religious newsgroup "soc.religion.islam.ahmadiyya" was pro-
posed  on  Oct  16,  1992. The discussion about this new proposed
newsgroup went on in various related groups.  The  proposal,  was
supposed to enter a vote during the last week of November 92. Due
to a false Call For Votes, by some opponent, the voting had to be
canceled.  I  quote  here  a  statement  from  the  moderator  of
new.announce.newgroups:


"The current Call For Votes (CFV) for an Ahmadiyya newsgroup
 is being canceled. A new call for votes will be issued within
 a few weeks, possibly with a new impartial vote  taker.  Discus-
 sion on the proposal is still open until the new vote is called..."
                                -- by Lawrence, Nov 20, 1992.


A lot of confusion arose among the netter as  to  whom  to  vote.
Therefore  it was decided to give a cool down period, so that all
confusions are over. It has been over 4 months  of  that  instant
and now we are again attempting to create this newsgroup. A fresh
RFD is hereby being issued. Please! take part in  the  discussion
under the same  title heading  and in  "news.groups"  or at least
cross-post it to "news.groups".


****************************************************************

                REQUEST  FOR  DISCUSSION

****************************************************************



NAME OF PROPOSED NEWSGROUP: 
==========================

     soc.religion.islam.ahmadiyya


CHARTER: 
=======

     A religious newsgroup, which would mainly  discuss  the  be-
liefs,  teachings,  philosophy  and ideologies of all major reli-
gions of the world as  they  exist  to  foster  better  religious
knowledge  and  understanding among followers of all religions as
they share common basis. This newsgroup will be devoted to  build
a  peaceful  mutual  understanding  of  the  Ahmadiyya  branch of
Islam, its peacefull beliefs, ideology and philosophy and how  it
is  different  from  other  branches  of Islam in fostering world
peace and developing better understanding among religious people.
It may also be used to post important religious events within the
World Wide Ahmadiyya Islamic Community in general.


PURPOSE OF THE GROUP: 
====================

     The following are some of the main purposes this group will
     achieve:

     i)   To discuss the common beliefs of all major religions as
          they relate to Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.

     ii)  To discuss the doctrines, origin and teachings  of this
          puissant spiritual force on earth.

     iii) To examine Islamic teachings and beliefs in general  in
          light  of the Quran  and established Islamic traditions
          of 15 centuries from Ahmadiyya perspective.

     iv)  To discuss the similarities  between Ahmadi Muslims and
          people of other Religions  of the world and discuss how
          religious tolerance  and respect to other's  faiths can
          be brought about to  eliminate inter-religion rivalries
          and hatred among people of religions. 

     v)   To discuss the origin and teachings of all religions in
          general and Islamic and Ahmadiyya Muslims in particular
          to foster better understanding among Ahmadi Muslims and
          other religious people.

     vi)  To discuss current world problems and solution to these
          problems as offered by religion.

     vii) To exchange important news and views about the Ahmadiyya
          Muslim Community and other Religions.

     viii)To add diversity in the religious newsgroups present
          on Usenet.

     ix)  To discuss why  religious persecution is on the rise  in
          the world  and find  solutions to remedy the ever deter-
          iorating  situation  in the  world in general and in the 
          Islamic world in particular.

     x)   To discuss the contributions of founders of  all  reli-
          gions and their  people for humanity, society and world 
          peace in general and by the International Ahmadiyya Mus
          -lim Community in particular.


TYPE: 
====

The group will be MODERATED for orderly and free religious dialo-
gue.   The moderation will NOT prevent disagreement or dissent to
beliefs, but will mainly be used  to  prevent  derogatory/squalid
use  of  dialect  and irrelevant issues. The moderators have been
decided through personal e-mail and through a  general  consensus
among  the proponants by discussion in news.groups. The following
moderators have been proposed and agreed upon:

Moderator:     Nabeel A. Rana  (rana@rintintin.colorado.edu)  
Co-Moderator:  Dr. Tahir Ijaz  (ijaz@ccu.umanitoba.ca)



A BRIEF DESCRIPTION ABOUT AHMADIYYA/ISLAM:
=========================================


        The Ahmadiyya Movement in Islam, an international organi-
sation, was founder in 1989 in Qadian, India. The founder of this
sect, Hazrat Mirza Ghulam Ahmad (1835-1908), proclaimed to be the
Promised Reformer of this age as foretold in almost all the major
religions of the world today (Islam, Christianity, Judiasm,  Hin-
duism).  He  claimed  to  be  the  long awaited second comming of
Jesus Christ (metaphorically), the Muslim Mahdi, and the Promised
Messiah.  He  claimed that the prophecies contained in almost all
the great religions of the world about the advent of a  messenger
from God have been fulfilled.

        The claims Hazrat Ahmad raised storms  of  hostility  and
extreme  oposition from many priestlike people of Muslims, Chris-
tians, Jews and Hindus of that age. Such opposition is often wit-
nessed  in  the history of divine reformers. Even today this sect
is being persecuted specially in  some  of  the  Muslim  regimes.
Dispite  the  opposition  and persecution, this sect has won many
adherents in 130 countries. It has over 10 million followers, who
come from a diverse ethnic and cultural background.

        The sect is devoted to world peace and in bringing  about
a better understanding of religion, and the founders of all reli-
gions. Its mission is to unite mankind into one Universal  broth-
erhood  and  develop  a  better  understanding  of  faith. Ahmadi
Muslims have always been opposed to all kind of violence and spe-
cially religious intollerance and fundamentalism.

        Among its many philanthropic activities, the sect has es-
tablished  a network of hundreds of schools, hospitals, and clin-
ics in many third world countries. These institutions are staffed
by  volunteer  professional  and are fully financed by the sect's
internal resources.

        The Ahmadiyya mission is to bring about a universal moral
reform,  establish  peace and justice, and to unite mankind under
one universal religion.


NEWSGROUP CREATION: 
==================
Dear Reader,


I'am searching for an implementation of a polygon reduction algorithm
for marching cubes surfaces. I think the best one is the reduction algorithm
from Schroeder et al., SIGGRAPH '92. So, is there any implementation of this 
algorithm, it would be very nice if you could leave it to me.

Also I'am looking for a fast !!! connectivity
test for marching cubes surfaces.

Any help or hints will be very useful.
Thanks a lot


Thanks again Andy.

The image is in pub/delta-clipper now. The name has been changed to 
"dcx-artists-concept.gif" in the spirit of verboseness. :-)

----Chris

Chris W. Johnson

Internet:   chrisj@emx.cc.utexas.edu
UUCP:       {husc6|uunet}!cs.utexas.edu!ut-emx!chrisj
CompuServe: >INTERNET:chrisj@emx.cc.utexas.edu
AppleLink:  chrisj@emx.cc.utexas.edu@internet#
Let me begin by saying I think this is the world's first religion to use
the net as its major recruitment medium.  Therefore, even if this
religion does not take off, its founding members will be very important
historically as this method of soliciting membership will eventually become 
common.

The basis of this religion is to apply various aspects of current conventional
morality to the characters in Genesis and Exodus but assume that the Bible's
accounts of the facts and historical events is correct.

For example,

Story of Adam and Eve:
Adam and Eve are in Garden of Eden naked and ignorant.  Have unlimited
supply of food provided, but no clothing, jobs, or knowledge.  God says
not to eat fruit of tree of knowledge.  They do anyway, then try to hide 
in bushes.  God finds them and forces them out of Garden.
(There are several different stories on what they were doing while naked in
the bushes that might have angered God.)

Traditional Philosophy:
1. The only reason you need knowledge or a job is to eat.  If someone else will
provide you with food, then you can be stupid and unemployed and it's OK. This
is why married women usually didn't work until recent decades.
2. Authority figures, such as God, whoever was behind the Vietnam War, Hitler 
and slaveowners, are always right and should be blindly followed without 
question by ordinary people, who can't make decisions for themselves.

Interpretation of events based on Traditional Philosophy:
They were not supposed to eat the fruit.  They should have done whatever God
told them to.  Like small children, they had their needs provided for and were
obligated to do whatever their "Father" said to.  Being forced to leave the 
Garden and work in order to obtain food was a punishment.

Lessons from Traditional Interpretation:
1.  Ignorance is good.  Knowledge is bad, but tempting.
2.  Having food provided for you for nothing (read "welfare") is ideal.  Get-
ting a job and feeding yourself with what you earn is punishment.
3.  Public nudity is good.  Covering up is bad.
4.  Authority figures are intrinsically right.  Normal people are dumb and 
should do whatever they are told without question.  They should not think for 
themselves.
5.  People in subordinate positions are especially obligated to refrain from
learning.  For example, it should be illegal for slaves to learn to read.

1990's philosophy:
1.  People should seek education and employment outside the home, unless
named "Hillary Clinton" or "Murphy Brown".
2.  People should use common sense.  They should not kill other people 
(binding of Issac, wars, Holocaust, etc.) just because they are told to.

Interpretation of events based on current philosophy:
They were supposed to eat the fruit.  God gave wanted them to seek knowledge
rather than be handed it on a silver platter.  Once they had gained knowledge
and (by seeking it) showed their ability to make mature decisions for them-
selves, they no longer needed to be treated like little children and were 
REWARDED by being allowed into the "real world."

Lessons from new interpretation:
1.  Ignorance is bad.  Knowledge is good, but must be sought.
2.  Having food provided for you for nothing (read "welfare") is at best
a temporary measure.  Getting a job and feeding yourself with what you earn
is ideal.
3.  Public nudity is bad.  Covering up is good.
4.  Authority figures are often wrong.  Normal people are intelligent and
should consider whether the instructions are really a good idea and "alter
or abolish" bad governments.  They should think for themselves.
5.  People in subordinate decisions are often discouraged from knowledge
but should seek it anyway, and all the harder.  For example, poor children 
without good schools should work especially hard in order to make a better
life for their children (and themselves).

I have tentatively named this new philosophy "The Church of Eveism" because
Eve's decision to eat the apple is man[sic]kind's first good decision, instead
of its first bad one, as traditionally believed.  She is therefore clearly
a protagonist.  God at first appears evil, for telling people not to seek 
knowledge but on deeper analysis is also a protagonist.  As God rewarded the
decision to defy him, and provided the tree in the first place, the intention
and desire were clearly to have the knowledge be obtained, but to delay it 
until it was actively sought.

---End serious discussion.  Begin humor.--

Save this post to disk (or file server).  Someday it will be considered the
most important writing since the 10 Commandments.  You want an original copy.

Stay tuned for the RFD on soc.religion.eveism...
Can I get a tax deduction for money I donate to this organization?

--Return to serious discussion when posting follow-ups.--


This brings up an interesting subject that has not been discussed much,
and probably has not been studied much.

As some of you may be aware, I've posted a lot of articles lately on
personality typing (of which the MBTI is a test vehicle).  To come up
to speed, just read 'alt.psychology.personality' and/or ask for by
personality type summary file.

One observation is that people have significantly different personalities
(no question on this) which seem to be essentially in-born.  With respect
to church attendance and participation, some people thrive on this, while
other people have real difficulty with this because they prefer a more
solitary and contemplative lifestyle - that is, they are de-energized if
confronted with excessive closeness to outside activities and lots of
people.  Of course this is measured by extroversion/introversion.

My impression is that many churches are totally blind to this fact, and
create environments that 'scare away' many who are naturally introverted
(there are many introverted characters in the Bible, btw).  I know, I am
quite introverted in preference, and find the 'pressure' by many churches
to participate, to meet together in large groups, etc., to be very
uncomfortable.  Knowing what I know now, these churches have been overly
influenced by highly extroverted people who thrive on this sort of thing.
(BTW, there's nothing wrong with either extroversion or introversion, both
preferences have their place in the Body).

Maybe I should define extrovert/introvert more carefully since these words
are usually not used correctly in our culture.  The extrovert/introvert
scale is a measure of how a person is energized.  The following is
excerpted from my summary:

1.  Energizing - How a person is energized:

        Extroversion (E)- Preference for drawing energy from the outside
                          world of people, activities or things.

        Introversion (I)- Preference for drawing energy from one's internal
                          world of ideas, emotions, or impressions.


Hopefully this will elicit further discussion as to how churches can
structure themselves to meet the real needs of the people who comprise
the Body of Christ, instead of trying to change people's personalities
to fit them into a particular framework.  I'm sure there are other aspects
of how churches have not properly understood personality variances among
their members to the detriment of all.

Jon Noring

-- 

Charter Member --->>>  INFJ Club.
There are actually only two of us.  I do Henry, Fred, Tommy and Mary.  Oh yeah,
this isn't my real name, I'm a bald headed space baby.


He's also the one who dubbed it the SR-71 - it was the RS-71 until LBJ
mippselled (sic) it.

FWIW,

Doug Page


It's my understanding that the freezing will start to occur because of the
growing distance of Pluto and Charon from the Sun, due to it's
elliptical orbit. It is not due to shadowing effects. 


Pluto can shadow Charon, and vice-versa.

George Krumins
-- 
Moscow Scientific Inductrial Association "Spectrum" offer
       VIDEOSCAN vision system for PC/AT,wich include software and set of
       controllers.

                     SOFTWARE

            For support VIDEOSCAN family program kit was developed. Kit
       includes more then 200 different functions for image processing.
            Kit works in the interactive regime, and has include Help for
       non professional users.
            There are next possibility:
       - input frame by any board of VIDEOSCAN family;
       - read - white image to - from disk;
       - print image on the printer;
       - makes arithmetic with 2 frames;
       - filter image;
       - work with gistogramme;
       - edit image.
       - include users exe modules.

                     CONTROLLER VS9

       The function of VS-9 controller is to load TV-images into  PC/AT.
       VS-9 controller allows one to load a fragment of the TV-frame from
       a field of 724x600 pixels.
       The clock rate is 14,7 MHz when loading an image with 512 pixel in
       the line and 7,4 MHz when loading a 256 pixels image. This
       provides the equal pixel size of input image in both horizontal
       and vertical directions.
       The number of gray levels in any input modes is 256.
       Video signal capture time - 2.5s.

                     CONTROLLER VS52

       The purpose of the controller is to enter the TV images into a IBM
       PC AT or any other machine of that type. The controller was
       created on the base of modern elements, including user
       programmable gate arrays.
       The controller allows to digitize a input signal with different
       resolutions. Its flexible architecture makes possible to change
       technical parameters. Instead of TV signal one can process any
       other analog signal (including signals from slow-speed scanning
       devices).
       The controller has the following technical characteristics:
       - memory volume - from 256 K to 2 Mb ;
       - resolution when working with standard video signal - from 64x64
       to 1024x512 pixels ;
       - resolution when working in slow input regime - up to 2048x1024
       pixels;
       - video signal capture time - 40 ms.
       - maximum size of a screen when memory volume is 2Mb - 2048x1024
       pixels ;
       - number of gray level - 256 ;
       - clock rate for input - up to 30 MHz ;
       - 4 input video multiplexer ;
       - input/output lookup table (LUT);
       - possibility to realize "scroll" and "zoom";













       - 8 lines for external synchronization (an input using external
       controlling signal) ;
       - electronic adjustment of black and white reference for analog -
       digital converter;
       - possibility output image to the color RGB monitor.
       One can change all listed above functions and parameters of the
       controller by reprogramming it.


              IMAGE PROCESSOR VS100

I'm planning to buy a new VLB/EISA system with a good graphic performance.
So far I looked at the ATI GUP VLB as my favorite graphics-card. But 
recently I heard something about a new card from  Miro. It was the Miro
Crystal 24s with 3 MB and True Color support up to 1024x768. It costs just a
little more than the ATI. So, can't decide which one matches better my needs.
Any technical references and performance comparisons (especially from the
Miro card) would be greatly appreciated.

-Peter-

E-Mail : kohut1@urz.unibas.ch

[ a nearly perfect parody  -- needed more random CAPS]


Thanks for the chuckle.  (I loved the bit about relevance to people starving
in Somalia!)

To those who've taken this seriously, READ THE NAME! (aloud)

[In looking through my files this weekend, I ran across some lyrics from
various rock groups that have content.  Here are two from Black Sabbath's
"Master of Reality".  I'll say this much for the music of the '60's and early
'70's, at least they asked questions of significance.  Jethro Tull is another
to asked and wrote about things that caused one to wonder. --Rex] 

AFTER FOREVER

Have you ever thought about your soul--
     can it be saved?
Or perhaps you think that when you're dead
     you just stay in you grave.
Is God just a thought within you read in a book
     when you were at school?
When you think about death 
     Do you lose your breath
     Or do you keep your cool?

Would you like to see the Pope on the end of a rope?
Do you think he's a fool?
Well I have seen the truth.  Yes I have seen the light
     and I've changed my ways.
And I'll be prepared 
     When you're lonely and scared
     at the end of your days.

Could it be you're afraid of what your friends might say
If they knew you believed in God above?
They should realize before they criticise
That God is the only way to love. 

Is your mind so small that you have to fall
In with the pack wherever they run?
Will you still sneer when death is near
And say they may as well worship the sun?

I think it was true -it was people like you
     that crucified Christ.
I think it is sad the opinion you had
     was the only one voiced.
Will you be so sure when your day is near
     to say you don't believe?
You had the chance but you turned it down
     now you can't retrieve.
Perhaps you'll think before you say that God is dead & gone
Open your eyes, just realize that He is the one.
The only one who can save you now from all this sin and hate.
Or will you still jeer at all you hear?
Yes!  I think it's too late.


LORD OF THIS WORLD









Yeah, of course... The term 'mach banding' was not the correct one, it should've
been 'color quantization effect'. Although a bad color quantization effect could
result in some visible mach-bands on a picture that was smooth before it was
quantizised.


Let's see, if Alexander destroyed Tyre, and people move back, and
they construct houses, and after a while 14000 people live there
and still call it Tyre, it is not considered to be rebuilt. Instead
it's considered to be 'just-some-people-that-got-together-for-fishing-
and-they-needed-houses' place.


Sigh, I was never born in a city then (my home town has 10.000
people). I have to consult my city and inform them that it's from
now a fishing village. When this city (Kristinestad) was founded
in the 17:th century about 1000 people lived there, so the norms
were even more bizarre for dumb Swedish queens who founded cities
along the coast of Finland.

I would like to know why Paul thought is was worth mentioning the 
small fishing place of Tyre in Acts. Again, maybe he was a keen
fisherman and wanted to visit the shores of Tyre? :-)

Cheers,
Kent
There are actually a few important things we can glean from this mess:
1)	When they start getting desperate for an answer to the question: "What's
it all about. Mr. Natural?", pinkboys will buy darn near *anything*, which
means:
2)	There's still plenty of $$$$ to be made in the False Jesus business
by enterprising SubGenii.  Just remember that:
3)	Once you've separated the pinks from their green, don't blow it all
on automatic weapons from Mexico.  Put it in a Swiss bank account.  Smile a
lot.  Have your flunkies hand out flowers in airports.  The Con will just
shrug you off as long as:
4)	You never, never, NEVER start to believe your own bulldada!  If
"David Koresh" hand't started swallowing his own "apocalypso now" crap, he'd
be working crossword puzzles in the Bahamas today instead of contributing to
the mulch layer in Waco.  This is because:
5)	When you start shooting at cops, they're likely to shoot back.  And 
most of 'em are better shots than you are.

	In short:
	- P.T. Barnum was right 
		and
	- Stupidity is self-correcting
Thus endeth the lesson.


In mentioning some nonsense about psychology :) and atheism, Bob Muir asks
the following question.   


I answer in the affirmative.  Now this answer might sound a little
intellectually dishonest to Bob, but I think I have been accused before
of that heinous crime and am man enough to take it.  !-)  What thinking
person has not at one time or other been accused of it?   Is it
politically correct for Christians to be the only besieged group
permitted the luxury of arrogance?   

Now I have a question for Bob.  Why in the world would any self-respecting
atheist want to subscribe to a Christian news group?  I have a 
difficult enough time keeping up with it, and I think I know something
about the subject.     

Bob reminds me of my roommate.  In order to disbelieve atheism, he says 
he will need to be proven wrong about it.  Well, I don't even waste 
my time trying.  I tell him that he'll just have to take my word for it. 
In response, he tells me he will say an "atheist's prayer" for me. 

Good luck, Bob.  And, best regards.
  


Almost one third of the world's population claim to be Christian.  But
any similarity between their beliefs and lifestyle to the first century
model is purely coincidental.  At Luke 18:8 it states, "...nevertheless,
when the son of man returns, will he really find the faith on the earth?"

Has anybody gotten CVIEW to work in 32k or 64k color mode on a Trident
8900c hi-color card? At best the colors come out screwed up, and at worst the 
program hangs. I loaded the VESA driver, and the same thing happens on 2 
different machines.

	If it doesn't work on the Trident, does anybody know of a viewer that 
does?

Actually, the reboost will probably be done last, so that there is a fuel
reserve during the EVAs (in case they have to chase down an adrift
astronaut or something like that).  But yes, you've got the idea -- the
reboost is done by taking the whole shuttle up.


Somebody has to build that thruster module; it's not an off-the-shelf
item.  Nor is it a trivial piece of hardware, since it has to include
attitude control (HST's own is not strong enough to compensate for things
like thruster imbalance), guidance (there is no provision to feed gyro
data from HST's own gyros to an external device), and separation (you
don't want it left attached afterward, if only to avoid possible
contamination after the telescope lid is opened again).  You also get
to worry about whether the lid is going to open after the reboost is
done and HST is inaccessible to the shuttle (the lid stays closed for
the duration of all of this to prevent mirror contamination from
thrusters and the like).

The original plan was to use the Orbital Maneuvering Vehicle to do the
reboost.  The OMV was planned to be a sort of small space tug, well
suited to precisely this sort of job.  Unfortunately, it was costing
a lot to develop and the list of definitely-known applications was
relatively short, so it got cancelled.
This is turning into 'what's a moonbase good for', and I ought
not to post when I've a hundred some odd posts to go, but I would
think that the real reason to have a moon base is economic.

Since someone with space industry will presumeably have a much
larger GNP than they would _without_ space industry, eventually,
they will simply be able to afford more stuff.
Can somebody point out to me where I can find the specs for .GL and .FLI files
found on PC's?

Well, it's that time of year again here at IU:  graduation.
Unfortunately, this means that I am out of here, more than likely for
good.  I cannot say if I'll be in here under another username or not, or
even if I'll ever get back in here at all.  I am leaving this part of my
ministry to another brother, John Right.  So, have fun and remember that
flaming can be considered slander.
Hello netters!
 
I have a fairly weak question to ask everybody in netland.  I've looked though
the last FAQ for comp.graphics but I didn't find my answer.  Thus the post.
 
I'll keep it short.
 
QUESTION:  How do I display any raster files, gif files, iff or tiff images
that I have on my "root window" or background?  I have a sun ipc, openwindows
3.0, Sun OS 4.1.3 if that helps any.
 
I've compiled POV for the sun and would like to display some of the work I have
done as a background/tile.  Thanks for any help or information that you
provide.  Have a good day.
 
Scott Fleming
OSI

Have you informed your wife of this prioritization?

This board will have

Thou hast used my name in vain!  I never coerce.  Ridicule, maybe, but
never coerce.  Please take responsibility for your actions.

(deletia)

Petri and Mathew,

Your discusion on the "reality" of atoms is interesting, but it
would seem that you are verging on the question "Is anything real":
that is, since observation is not 100% reliable, how can we say
that anything is "real".  I don't think this was the intention
of the original question, since you now define-out the word
"real" so that nothing can meet its criteria.
Just a thought.

Brian /-|-\


Let us explore this interesting paragraph point by point, sentence by
sentence.


1) We are talking about origins, not merely science.

Origins of what?  Are we speaking of the origins of life, the human
species, the universe, physical law, biological diversity or what?

2) Science cannot explain origins.

This is a false statement unless it is carefully qualified.  It depends
on what origins we are talking about.

3) For a person to exclude anything but science from the issue of origins
is to say that there is no higher truth than science.

Again, this is a false statement.  To begin with, the notion of "higher
truth" is distinctly dubious.  Many people believe that there are ways
to ascertain truth that are not in the repetoire of science; they even
believe that there are ways that are more reliable and certain.  Many
believe that there are truths that cannot be expressed using the language
of science.  Let it be so.  These truths are neither "higher" or 
"lower"; they are simply true.

More to the point, restricting one's discussion of origins to science
does not reject other sources of knowledge; it simply restricts the
scope of discussion.

4) This is a false premise.

If this is intended as asserting that the previous sentence was false
then (4) is actually true.  However the context identifies it as another
false [or at least theologically unsound] statement.

5) By the way, I enjoy science.

On the evidence Mr. Rawlins lacks sufficient understanding of science
to enjoy science in any meaningful sense.  One might just as well say
that one enjoys literature written in a language that one cannot read.
However one cannot mark this sentence as false -- to follow the analogy,
perhaps he likes the pretty shapes of the letters.

6) It is truly a wonder observing God's creation.

Let us not quibble; count this one as true.

7) Macroevolution is a mixture of 15 percent science and 85 percent
religion [guaranteed within three percent error :) ]

Still another false statement.  However one can make it come out true
with the following contextual modification:

"Macroevolution, as misunderstood by Rawline, is a mixture of 15 percent
of what Rawlins erroneously thinks of as science, and 85 percent of
what Rawlins erroneously thinks of as religion."

-----

It is distinctly noticeable that Mr. Rawlins fails miserably to touch
on truth except when he reports personally on what he feels.  [I do
him the justice of assuming that he is not misinforming us as to his
personal reactions.]  One can account for this by the hypothesis that
he has an idiosyncratic and personal concept of truth.
There is some controversy in my denomination as to what authority is vested 
in the pastor.  I am still forming my opinion.  I am solicing opinions, and 
references for what that is, how much, and how it should be used.

   As a general reference, I would not exclude responses from different 
denominations based on Biblical teachings, but you have to understand our 
church is independent, protestant and likely to be much different from those 
that follow ecclesiastical authority in the church.  We may need to discuss 
the roles of deacons and elders.

Thanks for your replies.


Hi,

My name is rahul and I am doing MS at USU, Logan
My query is:
	I have a HP workstation: HP Series 400 with X running on it.
I have a true color - 24bit color monitor connected to this machine.
Normally I have the capability to display 256 colors from a max of
16.7 million. Since the monitor is True Color I can see 16.7
million at a time. 
Que: do we have a facility in X(c-function call) that will enable me
to specify any RGB combination and see it on screen? I am using
XStoreColor to set the pallette of a max of 256 colors.
Que: If not. Is there any way I can display a true color image
on a true color monitor using XLib function calls?

We are generating ray traced images and 256 colors are indeed a
painful limit. besides I need the facility to display the true color images 
i will be generating on a true color system WITHOUT color 
quantification.
Please, if anyone can help i'd be obliged


On the one hand there are advantages to having the liturgy stay the 
same.  John has described some of these.  On the other hand, some people 
seem to start tuning out `the same old words' and pay attention better 
when things get changed around.  I think innovative priests and liturgy 
committees are trying to get our attention and make things more 
meaningful for us.  It drives me crazy too. 

Different people have differing preferences and needs in liturgy.  My 
local parish is innovative.  I prefer to go to Mass at the next parish 
over.  Sometimes we don't have the option of attending a Mass in the 
style which best suits us.  John put a smiley on it but to "just offer 
it up" probably is the solution.

A related issue, that it sounds like John does not have to deal with, is 
that spouses may have different liturgical tastes.  My husband does like 
innovative litury.  It is a challenge to meet both of our spiritual 
needs without just going our separate ways.  When you include the factor 
of also trying to satisfy our children's needs, things get pretty 
complicated.

One thing to remember is that even the most uncongenial Mass is still 
Mass.
Hello all.  We are doing a bible study (at my college) on Revelations.  We
have been doing pretty good as far as getting some sort of reasonable
interpretation.  We are now on chapters 17 and 18 which talk about the
woman on the beast and the fall of Babylon.  I believe the beast is the
Antichrist (some may differ but it seems obvious) and the woman represents
Babylon which stands for Rome or the Roman Catholic Church.  What are some
views on this interpretation?  Is the falling Babylon in chapter 18 the same
Babylon in as in chapter 17?  The Catholic church?
Hate to step on toes.
thanks

-------- 
Jimmy Buddenberg       INTERNET:  jbuddenberg@vax.cns.muskingum.edu
Muskingum College 
Looking for a graphics/CAD/or-whatever package on a X-Unix box that will
take a file with records like:

n  a  b  p

where n = a count  - integer 
      a = entity a - string
      b = entity b - string
      p = type     - string

and produce a networked graph with nodes represented with boxes or circles
and the vertices represented by lines and the width of the line determined by
n.  There would be a different line type for each type of vertice. The boxes
need to be identified with the entity's name.  The number of entities < 1000
and vertices < 100000.  It would be nice if the tool minimized line
cross-overs and did a good job of layout.  ;-)

  I have looked in the FAQ for comp.graphics and gnuplot without success. Any
ideas would be appreciated?

Thanks,
(MODERATOR: THIS IS A REPLACEMENT FOR AN EARLIER, MORE CLUMSILY WORDED
SUBMISSION ON THE SAME TOPIC WHICH I SUBMITTED A FEW MINUTES AGO.)

I think we need to distinguish etymology from meaning.  Regardless of
how the word 'Easter' *originated*, the fact is that it does not *now*
mean anything to Christians other than 'the feast day of the Resurrection
of Jesus Christ'. 

The meaning of a word is _only_ what people understand it to mean.

And the same goes for other cultural practices.  The festival of Easter
may possibly have some historical association with some pagan festival,
but *today* there are, as far as I know, no Christians who *intend* to
honor any kind of "pagan goddess" by celebrating Easter.

It is nonsense to say "this word (or this practice) 'really' means so-
and-so even though nobody realizes it."  Words and practices don't mean
things, people do.  

(This is basic semantics; I'm a linguist; they pay me to think about
things like this.)
-- 
:-  Michael A. Covington, Associate Research Scientist        :    *****
:-  Artificial Intelligence Programs      mcovingt@ai.uga.edu :  *********
:-  The University of Georgia              phone 706 542-0358 :   *  *  *
:-  Athens, Georgia 30602-7415 U.S.A.     amateur radio N4TMI :  ** *** **  <><
: We are interested in purchasing a grayscale printer that offers a good
: resoltuion for grayscale medical images.  Can anybody give me some
: recommendations on these products in the market, in particular, those
: under $5000?

: Thank for the advice.

Yes, I do.  A couple of years ago, I did a comparison of the two
products.  Some of this may have changed, but here goes.

As far as a PHIGS+ implementation, Figaro+ is fine.  But, its PHIGS!
Personally, I hate PHIGS because I find it is too low level.  I also
dislike structure editing, which I find impossible, but enough about
PHIGS.

I have found HOOPS to be a system that is full-featured and easy to
use.  They support all of their rendering methods in software when
there is no hardware support, their documentation is good, and they
are easily portable to other systems.

I would be happy to elaborate further if you have more specific
questions. 

[With Frank's permission, I have added some information here (and in
one case changed the order of his contributions) in order to clarify
the historical relationship of the views.  My comments are based
primarily on William Rusch's historical summary in "The Trinitarian
Controversy", Fortress.  I'm going to save this as an FAQ.  --clh]

MAJOR VIEWS OF THE TRINITY
 
[SECOND CENTURY

The writers of the 2nd Cent. are important, because they set up much
of the context for the later discussions.  Justin Martyr, Aristides,
Athenagoras, Tatian, and Theophilus of Antioch are known as the
"Apologists".  Their theology has often been described as "Logos
theology".  Based strongly on wording in John, they took more or less
a two-phase approach.  Through eternity, the Logos was with the
Father, as his mind or thought.  This "immanent Word" became
"expressed" as God revealed himself in history, ultimately in Jesus.
Thus Jesus' full distinction from the Father only became visible in
history, though the Logos had been present in God from eternity.
Rusch regards this view is containing many of the emphases of the
final orthodox position, but in a form which is less sophisticated,
because it did not have the technical language to properly deal with
the eternal plurality in the Godhead.

Irenaeus held views somewhat similar to the Apologists.  However he
was uncomfortable with the two-stage approach.  He still viewed God as
one personage, with distinctions that did not become fully visible
except through his process of self-revelation (the "economy").  The
distinctions are present in his essential nature.  Irenaeus emphasized
the Holy Spirit more than the Apologists.  Irenaeus' views should
probably be called "economic trinitarianism", though that term is
normally used (as below) to refer to later developments.


THIRD CENTURY

--clh]

Dynamic Monarchianism
 
Source: Theodotus
Adherents: Paul of Samosota, Artemon, Socinus, Modern Unitarians
Perception of God's Essence: The unity of God denotes both oneness of nature
and oneness of person. The Son and the Holy Spirit therefore are
consubstantial with the Father's divine essence only as impersonal attributes.
The divine dunamis came upon the man Jesus, but he was not God in the strict
sense of the word.
Perception of God's Subsistence: The notion of a subsistent God is a palpable
impossibility, since his perfect unity is perfectly indivisible. The
'diversity' of God is apparent and not real, since the Christ event and the
work of the Holy Spirit attest only to a dynamic operation within God, not to
a hypostatic union.
Asignation of Deity/Eternality:
 Father: Unique originator of the universe. He is eternal, self-existent, and
without beginning or end.
 Son: A virtuous (but finite) man in whose life God was dynamically present in
a unique way; Christ definitely was not deity though his humanity was deified.
 Holy Spirit: An impersonal attribute of the Godhead. No deity or eternality
is ascribed to the Holy Spirit.
Criticism(s): Elevates reason above the witness of biblical revelation
concerning the Trinity. Categorically denies the deity of Christ and of the
Holy Spirit, thereby undermining the theological undergirding for the biblical
doctrine of salvation.
[In summary, this probably best thought of as not being Trinitarianism
at all.  God is an undifferentiated one.  Son and Holy Spirit are seen
as simply names for the man Jesus and the grace of God active in the
Church.  --clh]

 
Modalistic Monarchianism
 
Source: Praxeas
Adherents: Noatus, Sabellius, Swedenborg, Scleiermacher, United Pentecostals
(Jesus Only)
Perception of God's Essence: The unity of God is ultra-simplex. He is
qualitatively characterized in his essence by one nature and person.  This
essence may be designated interchangeably as Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
They are different names for but identical with the unified, simplex God. The
three names are the three modes by which God reveals Himself.
Perception of God's Subsistence: The concept of a subsistent God is erroneous
and confounds the real issue of the phenomenon of God's modalistic manifesting
of himself. The paradox of a subsisting "three in oneness" is refuted by
recognizing that God is not three persons but one person with three different
names and corresponding roles following one another like parts of a drama.
Asignation of Deity/Eternality:
 Father: Fully God and fully eternal as the primal mode or manifestation of
the only unique and unitary God
 Son: Full deity/eternality ascribed only in the sense of his being another
mode of the one God and identical with his essence. he is the same God
manifested in temporal sequence specific to a role (incarnation).
 Holy Spirit: Eternal God only as the tile designates the phase in which the
one God, in temporal sequence, manifested himself pursuant to the role of
regeneration and sanctification.
Criticism(s): Depersonalizes the Godhead. To compensate for its Trinitarian
deficiencies, this view propounds ideas that are clearly heretical. Its
concept of successive manifestations of the Godhead cannot account for such
simultaneous appearances of the three persons as at Christ's baptism.
[Rusch comments that evidence on these beliefs is sketchy.  There are
actually two slightly different groups included: Noetus and his
followers, and Sabellius.  Noetus was apparently more extreme.
Sabellius followed him, and attempted to use some features of economic
Trinitarianism to create a more sophisticated view.  Unfortunately,
information about Sabellius comes from a century later, and there
seems to be some confusion between him and Marcellus of Ancyra. --clh]
 
[I've moved the following description to be with the other
third-century views.  It originally appeared near the end.  --clh]

"Economic" Trinitarianism
 
Source: Hippolytus, Tertullian
Adherents: Various "neo-economic" Trinitarians
Perception of God's Essence: The Godhead is characterized by triunity: Father,
Son, and Holy Spirit are the three manifestations of one identical,
indivisible substance. The perfect unity and consubstantiality are especially
comprehended in such manifest Triadic deeds as creation and redemption.
Perception of God's Subsistence: Subsistence within the Godhead is articulated
by means of such terms as "distinction" and "distribution" dispelling
effectively the notion of separateness or division.
Asignation of Deity/Eternality:
The equal deity of Father, Son, and Holy Spirit is clearly elucidated in
observation of the simultaneous relational/operational features of the
Godhead. Co-eternality, at times, does not intelligibly surface in this
ambiguous view, but it seems to be a logical implication.
Criticism(s): Is more tentative and ambiguous in its treatment of the
relational aspect of the Trinity.
[Note that this is a development of the Apologists and Irenaeus, as
mentioned above.  As with them, the threeness is visible primarily in
the various ways that God revealed himself in history.  However they
did say that this is a manifestation of a plurality that is somehow
present in the Godhead from the beginning.  Tertullian talks of
the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit as being three that are one in
substance.  Many people regard this view as being essentially
orthodox, but with less developed philosophical categories.  --clh]

[Origen, developing further an approach started by Clement, attempted
to apply neo-Platonism to Christian thought.  He set many of the terms
of the coming battle.  In Platonic fashion, he sees the Son as a
mediator, mediating between the absolute One of God and the plurality
of creating beings.  The Son is generated, but he is "eternally
generated".  That is, the relationship between Father and Son is
eternal.  It cannot be said that "there was once when he was not" (a
phrase that will haunt the discussion for centuries).  Having the Son
is intrinsic to his concept of God.  The Father and Son are described
as separate "hypostases", though this may not have quite the meaning
of separate subsistence that it had in some contexts.  The union is
one of love and action, but there is some reason to think that he may
have used the term homoousios ("of the same substance").  The Holy
Spirit is also an active, personal substance, originated by the Father
through the Son.  Origen's intent is trinitarian, not tritheistic, but
he pushes things in the direction of separateness.


FOURTH CENTURY

--clh]

Subordinationism  [often called Arianism --clh]
 
Source: Arius
Major Adherents: Modern Jehovah's Witnesses, and several other lesser known
cults
Perception of God's Essence: The inherent oneness of God's nature is properly
identifiable with the Father only. The Son and the Holy Spirit are discreet
entities who do not share the divine essence.
Perception of God's Subsistence: The unipersonal essence of God precludes the
concept of divine subsistence with a Godhead. "Threeness in oneness" is self-
contradictory and violates biblical principles of a monotheistic God.
Asignation of Deity/Eternality:
 Father: The only one, unbegotten God who is eternal and without beginning.
 Son: A created being and therefore not eternal. Though he is to be venerated,
he is not of the divine essence.
 Holy Spirit: A nonpersonal, noneternal emanation of the Father. He is viewed
as an influence, an expression of God.  Deity is not ascribed to him.
Criticism(s): It is at variance with abundant scriptural testimony respecting
the deity of both Christ and the Holy Spirit. Its hierarchial concept likewise
asserts three essentially separate persons with regard to the Father, Christ,
and the Holy Spirit. This results in a totally confused soteriology.
[Note also that in most versions of this view, the Son is not fully
human either.  He is supernatural and sinless.  That distinguishes this
view from adoptionism.  --clh]
 
Orthodox Trinitarianism
 
Source: Athanasius
Adherents: Basil, Gregory of Nyssa, Gregory of Nazianzus, Augustine, Thomas
Aquinas, Luther, Calvin, Contemporary orthodox Christianity
Perception of God's Essence: God's being is perfectly unified and simplex: of
one essence.  This essence of deity is held in common by Father, Son, and Holy
Spirit. The three persons are consubstantial, coinherent, co-equal, and co-
eternal.
Perception of God's Subsistence: The divine subsistence is said to occur in
three modes of being or hypostases. As such, the Godhead exists "undivided in
divided persons." This view contemplates an identity in nature and cooperation
in function without the denial of distinctions of persons in the Godhead.
Asignation of Deity/Eternality:
In its final distillation, this view unhesitatingly sets forth Father, Son,
and Holy Spirit as co-equal and co-eternal in the Godhead with regard to both
the divine essence and function.
Criticism(s): The only shortcoming has to do with the limitations inherent in
human language and thought itself: the impossibility of totally describing the
ineffable mystery of "three in oneness."
[At least in the 4th Cent, there were several different approaches, all
of which fit the description here, and all regarded as orthodox, but which
are somewhat different in detail.  Nicea was originally held to respond
to Arius.  Arius can be thought of as carrying Origen's thought a bit
too far, to the point of making the Son a separate entity.  In general
the East tended to take an approach based on Origen's, and it was hard
to get acceptance of Nicea in the East.  Its final acceptance was
based on the work of Athanasius with the Cappadocians: Gregory of Nyssa and
Gregory of Nazianzus, among others.  While starting with three,
they show that their unity in nature and and action is such that one
must think of them as being a single God.  This allowed the Council
of Constantinople, in 381, to get wide agreement on the idea of
three hypostatese and one ousia.  --clh]

Adapted from _Charts of Christian Theology and Doctrine_, by H. Wayne House.


Frank
of


A transporter operator!?!?  That better be one important transport.  Usually  
it is a nameless ensign who does the job.  For such a guest appearance I would  
have expected a more visible/meaningful role.

---
---------------------------------------------------------------------
First, I would like to thank all who sent me their opinions on the matter
at hand.  All advice was taken to heart, if not directly used.  My friend
found out about the matter quite accidently.  After reading some of my
mail, I quit from the mail reader & went about my business.  I must have
trashed my mail improperly, because he got on the same terminal the next
day & saw my old messages.  He thought they were responses to a post he
placed in alt.atheism earlier that week, so he read some of them before
realizing that they were for me.  I got a message from him the next day; he
apologized for reading my mail & said that he did not want to appear to be
a snoop.  He said that he would be willing to talk to me about his views &
didn't mind doing so, especially with a friend.  So we did.  I neither
changed his mind nor did he change mine, as that was not the point.  Now he
knows where I'm coming from & now I know where he's coming from.  And all
that I can do is pray for him, as I've always done.

I believe the reason that he & I "click" instead of "bash" heads is because
I see Christianity as a tool for revolution, & not a tool for maintaining
the status quo.  To be quite blunt, I have more of a reason to reject God
than he does just by the fact that I am an African-American female. 
Christianity & religion have been used as tools to separate my people from
the true knowledge of our history & the wealth of our contributions to the
world society.  The "kitchen of heaven" was all we had to look forward to
during the slave days, & this mentality & second-class status still exists
today.  I, too, have rejected
an aspect of Christianity----that of the estabished church.  Too much
hypocricy exists behind the walls of "God's house" beginning with the
images of a white Jesus to that of the members:  praise God on Sunday &
raise hell beginning Monday.  God-willing, I will find a church home where
I can feel comfortable & at-home, but I don't see it happening anytime
soon.

	Gee, I feel so ignorant now...

	Research, then post.


Well, there already is a sulfate process for TiO2 purification.  The
chlorine process is cleaner, however, and for that reason is achieving
dominance in the marketplace.

Most Ti is used in pigment, btw (as the oxide), where it replaced
white lead pigment some decades ago.  Very little is reduced to the
metal.


Which merely evades the issue of why those lunatics are
there at all (and, why their children would want to stay.)
-> I am looking for source-code for the radiosity-method.

 I don't know what kind of machine you want it for, but the program
Radiance comes with 'C' source code - I don't have ftp access so I
couldn't tell you where to get it via that way.
        Well, lets see....I took a class on this last fall, and I have no
notes so I'll try to wing it...  
        Here's how I understand it. Remember from stellar evolution that 
black holes and neutron stars(pulsars) are formed from high mass stars,
M(star)=1.4M(sun).  High mass stars live fast and burn hard, taking
appoximately 10^5-10^7 years before going nova, or supernova.  In this time,
they don't live long enough to get perturbed out of the galactic plane, so any
of these (if assumed to be the sources of GRB's) will be in the plane of the
galaxy.  
        Then we take the catalog of bursts that have been recieved from the
various satellites around the solar system, (Pioneer Venus has one, either
Pion. 10 or 11, GINGA, and of course BATSE) and we do distribution tests on our
catalog.  These tests all  show, that the bursts have an isotropic
distribution(evenly spread out in a radial direction), and they show signs of
homogeneity, i.e. they do not clump in any one direction.  So, unless we are
sampling the area inside the disk of the galaxy, we are sampling the UNIVERSE.
Not cool, if you want to figure out what the hell caused these things.  Now, I
suppose you are saying, "Well, we stil only may be sampling from inside the
disk."  Well, not necessarily.  Remember, we have what is more or less an
interplanetary network of burst detectors with a baseline that goes waaaay out
to beyond Pluto(pioneer 11), so we should be able, with all of our detectors de
tect some sort of difference in angle from satellite to satellite.  Here's an 
analogy:  You see a plane overhead.  You measure the angle of the plane from
the origin of your arbitrary coordinate system.  One of your friends a mile
away sees the same plane, and measures the angle from the zero point of his
arbitrary system, which is the same as yours.  The two angles are different,
and you should be able to triangulate the position of your burst, and maybe
find a source.  To my knowledge, no one has been able to do this.  
        I should throw in why halo, and corona models don't work, also.  As I
said before, looking at the possible astrophysics of the bursts, (short
timescales, high energy) black holes, and pulsars exhibit much of this type of
behavior.  If this is the case, as I said before, these stars seem to be bound
to the disk of the galaxy, especially the most energetic of the these sources.
When you look at a simulated model, where the bursts are confined to the disk,
but you sample out to large distances, say 750 mpc, you should definitely see
not only an anisotropy towards you in all direction, but a clumping of sources 
in the direction of the  galactic center.  As I said before, there is none of
these characteristics.  

   My understanding is that the 'expected errors' are basically
   known bugs in the warning system software - things are checked
   that don't have the right values in yet because they aren't
   set till after launch, and suchlike. Rather than fix the code
   and possibly introduce new bugs, they just tell the crew
   'ok, if you see a warning no. 213 before liftoff, ignore it'.

Good grief. And I thought the Shuttle software was known for being
well-engineered. If this is actually the case, every member of the
programming team should be taken out and shot.

(given that I've heard the Shuttle software rated as Level 5 in
maturity, I strongly doubt that this is the case).
I'm having trouble receiving News at the moment due to an overloaded
News server. I think that I can post out reasonably quickly, though.

I'm in a couple of threads at the moment which may be pending replies.
If anyone wants a reply from me over something I've posted then I
suggest sending an e-mail copy of the point to me so that I can reply by
News.

This is one way to shut me up!!

Cheers,

David.

---
On religion:
Sorry for bothering with a request almost irrelevant to anyone except for me:
Could some kind soul provide me with the phone number of
wycliffe center
horsley green high wycomb
bucks hp 14 3 xl
I want to surprise a friend of mine staying there, but I don't have the number.

thanks a lot in advance

Gerhard

: > Does anyone have any  other suggestions where the 42 came from?

Yep, here's a theory that I once heard bandied around.  Rather than thinking
of the number think of the sound. For Tea Two. A sort of anagram on Tea For Two,
Two for Tea, For Tea Two.

:-)

Peter


I don't think speed has been determined, since it has never run on Intel chips.
But on the Amiga's Motorola Chips, it was one of the fastest true 'Ray Tracers'

I don't think Impulse would port it over and not take speed into consideration.

In terms of features, and learning curve... ALL that you stated for 3DS is also
true for Imagine, and lots more... But I'll have to admit that after 3 years of
use on the Amiga, the learning curve is very steep. This is due ONLY to the
manual. It is realy BAD. However, there is a lot of after market support for
this product, including regular 'Tips' articles in many magazines such as "AVID
and a great book by Steve Worley called "Understanding Imagine 2.0" This book i
is not just recommened, IT IS A MUST!
True.

Also read 2 Peter 3:16

Peter warns that the scriptures are often hard to understand by those who
are not learned on the subject.

I was waiting for this. I think your question should be rephrased. The many
verses of the Bible which condem homosexuality (by our beliefs) have been
shoved down the throats of homosexuals for a long time by (well-meaning?)
Christians. The question is how do they interpret these verses. Any discussion
of any issue (this or any other issue) requires a proof of your case as well
as a disproof of the opposing view. We are already familiar with those verses
and many have proven to themselves that these condem homosexual behaviour. We
must now establish reasons for not believing this to be true based on the
interpretation of these scriptures given by someone who has come to grips with
them.


There is a rite like this described in Joseph Campbell's
_Occidental_Mythology_.  He also described levels of initiation, I think
6?  I don't know where Campbell got his info, but I remember thinking he
was being a little eclectic.


Quite a bit.  If you haven't read Campbell, give him a try.  

: I would like to get your opinions on this: when exactly does an engaged
: couple become "married" in God's eyes?  Some say that if the two have
: publically announced their plans to marry, have made their vows to God, and
: are unswervingly committed to one another (I realize this is a subjective
: qualifier) they are married/joined in God's sight.

The way I read Scripture, a couple becomes married when they are *physically*
married, i.e. when they first have sexual intercourse.

e.g. the end of Genesis 2 (quoted from memory) ``for this reason, a man shall
leave his parents and be joined to his wife, and they will become one flesh''
(Jesus also quotes this scripture referring to marriage).

If you read through Genesis in particular, you will often come across the
phraseology: ``[man] lay with [woman], and she became his wife''. This
implies that she became his wife when they lay together, i.e. at the
point of intercourse.

Compare this with Jewish tradition: Joseph, when he heard that Mary
was pregnant, had it in mind to divorce her quietly -- but Mary and Joseph were
*betrothed*, not married. i.e., they were in a binding relationship (which
required a divorce to get out of), but *marriage* would not occur until Mary
and Joseph went to bed together.

Compare with Christ and the Church (Ephesians 5, Revelation 19): the church is
described as the ``bride'' of Christ, but the *marriage* of the Lamb takes 
place when Jesus returns. i.e., we are in a binding love-relationship with
Jesus, but we are still looking forward to the time when the marriage will
take place. I see this as the spiritual equivalent of sexual intercourse,
because it represents the most intimate fellowship possible between man and God.

In summary, engagement should be honoured as a binding relationship, but it is
not marriage. A civil ceremony is not marriage either. Marriage occurs at the
point when the betrothed couple go to bed together. (I don't mean to demean the
civil or church ceremony -- ours was great! I don't mean to be too pedantic.)
Historically, I think I am correct in stating that the civil ceremony (i.e. a
marriage recognised by the state), has only been around in the West since
Napoleon, who introduced it to keep tabs on the people (although I'm ready to be
corrected on that point!)

This view obviously raises some questions:

What about those who have had sex with one or more partners, without considering
marriage. Are those people also ``married''?

If it is true that marriage occurs at the point of intercourse, is it necessary
to be married in the eyes of the state? (I would say Yes, because this honours
the laws of our nations in the West. Although it is not illegal to sleep
together though unmarried in most Western countries, I believe that it is God-
honouring to proclaim our marriage to the state and to our friends before
actually consummating our marriage. Its to do with our being salt and light, and
also to do with how people will perceive us; i.e. it is culturally insensitive
to declare yourself married without going through a civil ceremony.)

-- 

-----
Michael Davis (cs89mcd@brunel.ac.uk)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
God being unknowable, I can't comment on His motives, but it would be
distressing if He allowed us to misunderstand Him through no fault of 
our own.  For sanity's sake we must assume, if we believe in Him at all,
that His message comes through somehow.  The question is whether it comes 
through immediately to every individual, or is contained in a complex 
canon that must be interpreted by experts in consultation with one another, 
or is transmitted directly through appointed representatives who are free
to interpret, extend and modify the canon.  If God's message is indeed
mediated, the further problem arises as to whether the individual under-
stands the mediated message fully and clearly.  Since the responsibility 
for understanding lies ultimately with the individual, we must assume that 
God in His benevolence guides each individual to the appropriate source 
for that individual, whereof the person may or may not drink. 
 
 
 
Your example is complicated in our age by the thin line between morality
and politeness.  You might have said "burp", for burping and swearing carry
about the same stigma today.  If you are talking about "taking the Lord's 
name in vain" as a serious transgression, then this example is more a case of 
hypocrisy than of varying moral codes.
 
If there is an absolute moral code, propositions or laws in that code apply
absolutely and universally, by definition.  Conceivably some moral codes
could be subsets of the universal code, as you say at the outset.  So, for
example, God's code could include, "Thou shalt not create Beings without
a hospitable planet to live on", but this law would be inapplicable to us.
Nevertheless, we would be entitled to suppose that all laws applicable
to us are also applicable to God.
 
But when you begin to ask what laws might appear in God's moral code, you have
a sense of the absurdity of the question.  Does God make laws for Himself to
follow?  Perhaps God is not the sort of being to which the category "morality"
can be sensibly applied.
====
If that were true, I'd go for it.. I have a few friends who we could pool our
resources and do it.. Maybe make it a prize kind of liek the "Solar Car Race"
in Australia..
Anybody game for a contest!


But with cheaper fuel from space based sources it will be cheaper to 
reach more orbits than from the ground.

Also remember, that the presence of a repair/supply facility adds value
to the space around it. If you can put your satellite in an orbit where it
can be reached by a ready source of supply you can make it cheaper and gain
benefit from economies of scale.

  Allen
Undoubtedly people adopt atheism for many reasons, but I suspect that a biggie
is that the God they've believed in is (in J.B. Phillips's words) "too small". 
If a person's understanding of God is not allowed to grow and develop, it will
eventually become inadequate.  The grey-haired gentleman on a throne who was a
comforting image in childhood becomes a joke.

A therapist friend of mine sometimes suggests to her clients that they "fire
God".  What she means by that is letting go of an inadequate understanding of
God to make room for a fuller one.  But she follows up by encouraging them to
"hire a new one".  My guess is that a lot of folks go through the firing
process, but are not adequately supported in the subsequent re-hire.


      Why should he have been any different "then"? Ozzy Osbourne,
ex-singer and main character of the Black Sabbath of good ole days past,
is and always was a devout catholic. Or so I've heard over on the
alt.rock-n-roll.metal newsgroups, an' I figure those folks oughta know..



Absolutely. Lewis didn't care for the 1921 O.T.O. charter from Reuss. He had
in mind something completely diferent. Crowley and Lewis were very
different persons, as you probably know.


No. My overstatement, sorry :-)
======================================================================
             NYC ACM/SIGGRAPH: UNDERSTANDING IMAGES
======================================================================

  SUBJECT:

    Pace University/SIGGRAPH Conference on UNDERSTANDING IMAGES
    ===========================================================

    The purpose of this conference is to bring together a breadth of
    disciplines, including the physical, biological and computational
    sciences, technology, art, psychology, philosophy, and education,
    in order to define and discuss the issues essential to image
    understanding within the computer graphics context.

    FEATURED TOPICS INCLUDE:

                Psychology/Perception
                Image Analysis
                Design
                Text
                Sound
                Philosophy

     DATE:  Friday & Saturday, 21-22 May 1993

     TIME:  9:00 am - 6:00 pm

    PLACE:  The Pace Downtown Theater
            One Pace Plaza
                (on Spruce Street between Park Row & Gold Street)
            NY, NY 10038

     FEES:

        PRE-REGISTRATION (Prior to 1 May 1993):
            Members         $55.00
            Non-Members     $75.00
            Students        $40.00 (Proof of F/T Status Required)

        REGISTRATION (After 1 May 1993 or On-Site):
            All Attendees   $95.00

        (Registration Fee Includes Brakfast, Breaks & Lunch)


    SEND REGISTRATION INFORMATION & FEES TO:

        Dr. Francis T. Marchese
        Computer Science Department
        NYC/ACM SIGGRAPH Conference
        Pace University
        1 Pace Plaza (Room T-1704)
        New York NY 10036

        voice: (212) 346-1803   fax: (212) 346-1933
        email: MARCHESF@PACEVM.bitnet

======================================================================
REGISTRATION INFORMATION:

Name _________________________________________________________________

Title ________________________________________________________________

Company ______________________________________________________________

Street Address _______________________________________________________

City ________________________________State____________Zip_____________

Day Phone (___) ___-____    Evening Phone (___) ___-____

FAX Phone (___) ___-____    Email_____________________________________
======================================================================

DETAILED DESCRIPTION:
=====================

    Artists, designers, scientists, engineers and educators share the
    problem of moving information from one mind to another.
    Traditionally, they have used pictures, words, demonstrations,
    music and dance to communicate imagery.  However, expressing
    complex notions such as God and infinity or a seemingly well
    defined concept such as a flower can present challenges which far
    exceed their technical skills.

    The explosive use of computers as visualization and expression
    tools has compounded this problem.  In hypermedia, multimedia and
    virtual reality systems vast amounts of information confront the
    observer or participant.  Wading through a multitude of
    simultaneous images and sounds in possibly unfamiliar
    representions, a confounded user asks: "What does it all mean?"

    Since image construction, transmission, reception, decipherment and
    ultimate understanding are complex tasks, strongly influenced by
    physiology, education and culture; and, since electronic media
    radically amplify each processing step, then we, as electronic
    communicators, must determine the fundamental paradigms for
    composing imagery for understanding.

    Therefore, the purpose of this conference is to bring together a
    breadth of disciplines, including, but not limited to, the
    physical, biological and computational sciences, technology, art,
    psychology, philosophy, and education, in order to define and
    discuss the issues essential to image understanding within the
    computer graphics context.


    FEATURED SPEAKERS INCLUDE:

        Psychology/Perception:
            Marc De May, University of Ghent
            Beverly J. Jones, University of Oregon
            Barbara Tversky, Standfor University
            Michael J. Shiffer, MIT
            Tom Hubbard, Ohio State University
        Image Analysis:
            A. Ravishankar Rao, IBM Watson Research Center
            Nalini Bhusan, Smith College
            Xiaopin Hu, University of Illinois
            Narenda Ahuja, University of Illinois
            Les M. Sztander, University of Toledo
        Design:
            Mark Bajuk, University of Illinois
            Alyce Kaprow, MIT
        Text:
            Xia Lin, Pace University
            John Loustau, Hunter College
            Jong-Ding Wang, Hunter College
            Judson Rosebush, Judson Rosebush Co.
        Sound:
            Matthew Witten, University of Texas
            Robert Wyatt, Center for High Performance Computing
            Robert S. Williams, Pace University
            Rory Stuart, NYNEX
        Philosophy
            Michael Heim, Education Foundation of DPMA
I have heard some impressive things about Hijakk (for Windows).
Currently, I use a shareware program called Graphics Workshop.
What kinds of things will Hijaak do that these shareware programs
will not do?

What has been your experience with Hijaak? Are there other programs
that are better? Please email me, if you can help:

Wayne Haston
HASTON@UTKVX.UTK.EDU

Actually I favor government funded research. It *is* a pump prime
for a lot of basic technologies. I also understand the short term
value of high tech welfare programs. But they can't substitute for
long range wealth generation via commercial enterprise. That's what's
needed to maintain a healthy economy *anywhere*, on Earth or Luna.
I don't see that long term potential on Luna due to a bunch of
factors I outline in another post.

Gary
I appreciated the follow-ups and replies to my earlier query.  One reply, which
I have lost, suggested several parishes in New York that have good Masses, one 
of which was Corpus Christi in downtown Manhattan.  By coincidence, last week's
_America_, the national Jesuit magazine, carried an interview with Fr. Myles 
Bourke, Corpus Christi's pastor emeritus.  Fr. Bourke also directed the NT 
translation in the New American Bible.  He noted "...certain practices have 
been introduced into the Mass in such a manner that an atmosphere of banality, 
and sometimes of hilarity, has trivialized the liturgy."  I note that at my 
parents' parish on Easter, helium filled balloons were distributed at the 
offertory, apparently to aid in understanding the word "risen".  This was not a 
kiddie mass, either, but the well-attended 11:00 Mass.

I wanted to note the generous spirit behind the replies.  This newsgroup as a
whole offers generally moderate (perhaps because it's moderated) conversation
on topics that often lead people to extreme behavior (including myself).
Sometimes people do go over the top, but the remarkable thing is how that is
the exception, I think.  Benefits of the doubt are generally granted.  It seems
so...Christian?
==========================
                               OZONE GIF IMAGES
                                April 15, 1993
                         ==========================

     Two GIF images of the ozone maps over the northern and southern
hemispheres are now available at the JPL Info public access site.  These maps
were produced by the Microwave Limb Sounder aboard the Upper Atmosphere
Research Satellite (UARS), and are courtesy of the Public Information Office
at JPL.  Note that the images are in GIF89a format, so make sure your display
software supports this format (as opposed to the older GIF87a format).  The
caption files accompanying the images are appended at the end of this message,
as well as being embedded in the images.  The images are available by dialup
modem at +1 (818) 354-1333, up to 9600 bps, parameters N-8-1, or by using
anonymous ftp to:

        ftp:      pubinfo.jpl.nasa.gov (128.149.6.2)
        user:     anonymous
        cd:       news (will be moved to the images directory in 30 days)
        files:    ozone93a.gif - Northern hemisphere
                  ozone93b.gif - Southern hemisphere

     Also, photographic prints of these images can be ordered from Newell Color
Lab listed below.  Refer to the P number associated with the images when
ordering.

     Newell Color Lab
     221 N. Westmoreland Avenue
     Los Angeles CA 90064
     Telephone: (213) 380-2980
     FAX: (213) 739-6984

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
ozone93a.gif

PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICE
JET PROPULSION LABORATORY
CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
PASADENA, CALIF. 91109.  TELEPHONE (818) 354-5011

PHOTO                                                     P-42210
                                                   April 14, 1993

This graphic depicts chlorine monoxide and ozone over Earth's
northern hemisphere in February 1992 and 1993.  These maps were
produced by the Microwave Limb Sounder aboard the Upper
Atmosphere Research Satellite.  The chlorine monoxide (ClO) maps
(left) are for a layer about 20 kilometers (66,000 feet) above
the Earth's surface on February 17, 1992 (above) and 1993
(below).  The ozone maps show the total amount above an altitude
of about 12 kilometers (41,000 feet) averaged over the period
from February 15 to March 6 for the two years.  The Microwave
Limb Sounder, developed and operated by a team at NASA's Jet
Propulsion Laboratory, is one of several instruments on the
Goddard Space Flight Center's Upper Atmosphere Research
Satellite, launched in September 1991.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
ozone93b.gif

PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICE
JET PROPULSION LABORATORY
CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
PASADENA, CALIF. 91109.  TELEPHONE (818) 354-5011

PHOTO CAPTION                                             P-42211
                                                   April 14, 1993

Glad to see Griffin is spending his time on engineering rather than on
ritual purification of the language.  Pity he got stuck with the turkey
rather than one of the sensible options.
Hi,

I'm hoping someone out there will be able to help our computer science
project group. We are doing computer science honours, and our project
is to do a 'graphical simulator for a finite state automata'.

Basically, the program must draw a diagram of a FSA from a textual grammar,
showing circles for states, and labeled arc's in-between.

The problem is working out the best way to layout the states, and draw the
arc's in-between so that as few arc's as possible cross each other.

If anyone has any suggestions/algorithms/bug-free ready to compile C code :) 
that might help us, it would be much appreciated.

Thanks in advance,



Joe;

Your logic excapes me. 

If the Papacy is infallible, and this is a matter of faith, then the 
Pope cannot "be wrong!"  If, on the other hand, this is not a matter 
of faith, but a matter of Church law, then we should still obey as the
Pope is the legal head of the church.

In other words, given the doctrine of infallibility, we have no choice
but to obey.

Bob

-- 
Bob Van Cleef              Peace -0- be      revc@garg.Campbell.CA.US
The Land of Garg BBS        unto /|\ you           BBS (408) 378-5108

Please Ineed information about desk top publishe- post graduate courses
and if possible email address or normal mail.
thanks in advance

I recently read an article in a local paper written by an Islamic
  person who was upset with the way Islam has been portrayed by western media.
  When a terrorist action takes place in the middle east, it is always played
  up as an Islamic Terrorist.  However, when the a Serbian terrorist attacks
  the Croations, its not a Christian terrorist, its just a terrorist.
	I have often tried to explain this to some close friends who believe
  the press, that Islam is somehow tied to violence.  Often times you hear
  things like "They just don't value human life like we do..." and so on.
  I was wondering if anyone out there had any suggestions for how we can
  change this image, or how I can help my friends to see that this is just 
  hype.  I would appreciate any serious suggestions or comments via e-mail,
  and I'm not interested in hearing about how right the press is.
                        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Joe, just 'cause you say they aren't subject to interpretation doesn't
necesarily make it so.  That's *your* *interpretation* of these texts.


2 Peter 1:20-21
But know this first of all, that no prophecy of Scripture is a matter 
of one's own interpretation, for no prophecy was ever made by an act of
human will, but men moved by the Holy Spirit spoke from God.

The study notes in my Bible offer three possible meanings for verse 20.
Apparantly it's not as clear to Charles Ryrie as it is to you.

2 Timothy 3:16-17
All Scripture is inspired by God and profitable for teaching, for
reproof, for correction, for training in righteousness; that the man of
God may be adequate, equipped for every good work.

Galations 1:11-12
For I would have you know, brethren, that the gospel which was preached
by me is not according to man.  For I neither received it from man, 
nor was I taught it, but I receieved it through a revelation of Jesus
Christ.

When I read these passages, it was not immediately clear to me what
every phrase meant.  I had stop and think about the possible
connotations of words, what the intent of the author may have been,
wonder if the translator used the correct English word to convey the 
same meaning: I had to interpret.  If you want to believe that your 
are not interpreting Scripture as you read, there's probably nothing 
I can say to change your mind.  But I think it's naive to think that 
our culture, experiences, education, do not affect everything we read.


In college, I took an entire course in Biblical interpretation.  Go to
any Christian bookstore, there are scores of books on interpreting and
understanding Scripture.  If interpretation is unnecessary, there are 
an awful lot of misguided Christians out there wasting a lot of time 
and energy on it.
}For those missing the context of this thrilling discussion between
}Jim and I, Jim wrote the following to me in e-mail after I pointed out

Hate to shatter your self image of perfection that  you appear to hold, but
your language is wrong: Jim and me.

}I pointed out that I did, in fact, agree that both Robert Weiss and
}Jim Meritt took quotes out of context.  Hence, I find it difficult to
}understand why Jim thinks I am a hypocrite.  Needless to say, I don't
}have time to reply to *every* article on t.r.m. that takes a quote
}out of context.  

Of course not - just the ones you disagree with.  Q.E.D.

}>}So, according to you, Jim, the only way to criticize one person for
}>}taking a quote out of context, without being a hypocrite, is to post a
}>}response to *every* person on t.r.m who takes a quote out of context?
}
}Jim replied by saying 
}>Did I either ask or assert that?
}
}But today we find four articles from Jim, one of which has the subject

So?  As of then, and pointing out a specific instance.  Wrongo again.

}>Is it not the case that, in the eyes of the law, when someone is aware of
}>something and has the capability of taking action and does not, that individual
}>may be held responsible for that action?
}
}Which is, of course, a complete red herring.  Taking quotes out of
}context isn't a crime.  I don't have time to read every article on
}t.r.m., and I'm certainly under no obligation to reply to them all.

So?  Check the newsgroups?

}Does "silence is concurrence" imply that Jim thinks that because I
}didn't respond to Weiss' articles I must condone Weiss' taking quotes
}out of context?  Jim doesn't want to give a direct answer to this
}question; read what he has written and decide for yourself.

Telepathy again?  You claim to know what I "want".

}But back to the context of my conversation with Jim.  Jim's next 
}gambit was to claim that he was using inductive logic when he
}concluded that I was being a hypocrite.  I challenged him to provide
}the details of that logic that led him to an incorrect conclusion.

No.  YOu asked specifically what was wrong with yours.

}Today we find another obscure article (posting it twice didn't help

Maybe to the ignorant.  I accept your classification.

}More red herrings.  Could Jim mean that he has read an uncountably large
}number of my articles?  

Do you know what "uncountably large" means?  It does not appear so.

}Could Jim mean that because I "axed" his articles,
}but not Weiss' articles, he wants to conclude inductively ...
}Well, I can't see where he is going with this.

I am not suprised.

}But I can help him with his induction.  I've written roughly 80

That does not appear to be the case.  The appearance of your "Argument"
is more like that Captain Kirk would have gotten from Mr. Spock - written
by a stagehand at Paramount.

}Think hard about this Jim.  See the pattern?  Think harder.  Run it
}through your induction engine and see what pops out.  
===
I aint talking the large or even the "mining companies" I am talking the small
miners, the people who have themselves and a few employees (if at all).The
people who go out every year and set up thier sluice box, and such and do
mining the semi-old fashion way.. (okay they use modern methods toa point).

I am talking the guy who coem to Nome evry year, sets up his tent on the beach
(the beach was washed away last year) and sets up his/her sluice box and goes
at it "mining".
I know the large corps, such as Alaska Gold Company, might complain to..

My opinions are what I learn at the local BS table..

My original thing/idea was that the way to get space mining was to allow the
eco-freaks thier way.. As they have done with other mineral development.
You can't in many places can't go to the bathroom in the woods without some
form of regulation covering it.. 
Choose any or all of the following as an answer to the above:
 
Oddly, enough,  The smithsonian calls the lindbergh years
the golden age of flight.  I would call it the granite years,
reflecting the primitive nature of it.  It was  romantic,
swashbuckling daredevils,  "those daring young men in their flying
machines".  But in reality, it sucked.  Death was a highly likely
occurence,  and  the environment blew.  Ever see the early navy
pressure suits,  they were modified  diving suits.  You were ready to
star in "plan 9 from outer space".   Radios  and Nav AIds were
a joke,  and engines ran on castor oil.  They  picked and called aviators
"men with iron stomachs",  and it wasn't due to vertigo.

Oddly enough, now we are in the golden age of flight.  I can hop the
shuttle to NY for $90 bucks,  now that's golden.

Mercury gemini, and apollo were romantic,  but let's be honest.
Peeing in bags,  having plastic bags glued to your butt everytime
you needed a bowel movement.  Living for days inside a VW Bug.
Romantic,  but not commercial.   The DC-X  points out a most likely
new golden age.  An age where  fat cigar smoking business men in
loud polyester space suits will fill the skys with strip malls
and used space ship lots.

hhhmmmmm,  maybe i'll  retract that golden age bit.   Maybe it was
better in the old days.  Of course, then we'll have  wally schirra
telling his great grand children, "In my day,  we walked on the moon.
Every day.  Miles.  no buses.  you kids got it soft".


In a cell church, the fundamental building block is the "cell group" -- a
small group of no more than 15 believers.  The small groups are responsible
for the ministry of the church: evangelism and discipleship.  The emphasis
is on relationships, not on programs, and both the evangelism and the
discipling are relationship-based.

This will probably raise more questions than it answered, but that's it in
a nutshell.


Maybe cyclical is not the best word.  That is one aspect of it.  In the
case of the virgin birth prophecy, it applied to the then and there, and
also prophetically to Christ.  The army that threatened the king would 
cease to be a threat in a very short time.  Yet it also prophecied of 
Christ.

Several prophecies that refered to Christ also had application at the
time they were made.  "Out of Egypt have I called my Son" refers both
to Israel, and prophetically to Christ.   "Why do the heathen rage"
was said of David and also of Christ.  

Another example would be the Scripture quoted of Judas, "and his bishoprick
let another take."  Another example is something that Isaiah said of His
disciples which is also applied to Christ in Hebrews, "the children thou
hast given me."

How does the preterist view account for this phenomenon.

Link

The most current orbital elements from the NORAD two-line element sets are
carried on the Celestial BBS, (513) 427-0674, and are updated daily (when
possible).  Documentation and tracking software are also available on this
system.  As a service to the satellite user community, the most current
elements for the current shuttle mission are provided below.  The Celestial
BBS may be accessed 24 hours/day at 300, 1200, 2400, 4800, or 9600 bps using
8 data bits, 1 stop bit, no parity.

Element sets (also updated daily), shuttle elements, and some documentation
and software are also available via anonymous ftp from archive.afit.af.mil
(129.92.1.66) in the directory pub/space.

STS 56     
1 22621U 93 23  A 93105.58333333  .00090711  00000-0  25599-3 0   249
2 22621  57.0029 144.8669 0004136 304.2989 134.3206 15.92851555  1179
1993 023B  
1 22623U 93 23  B 93103.37312705  .00041032  00000-0  11888-3 0    86
2 22623  57.0000 155.1150 0004422 293.4650  66.5967 15.92653917   803
I have a Paradise SVGA with 1Mb, the 90c030 chip (1D). The docs say that
I can display the following modes : 640x480x32k colours and 800x600x32k cols
if I have the RAMDAC HiColor Chip. I have checked the board and I do have
such a chip. Now, the problem is that I can't get this mode to work !
Graphics Workshop 6.1 claims that it can display 24 bit images dithered
down to 15 bit colour with my board, but it doesn't work. I have tried
writing some assembler code to get the modes working and I have found out
that each pixel is addressed by a word ( 16 bit ), but only the lower 8 bits
are considered ( this happens in 800x600 mode, the 640x480 mode refuses to
work i.e. remains in text mode ).
Could someone please help me.

  .
           It's my understanding that the U.S. Supreme Court has never 
       given a legal definition of religion.  This despite the many 
       cases involving religion that have come before the Court. 
           Can anyone verify or falsify this?  
           Has any state or other government tried to give a legal 
       definition of religion? 

The observation that the Tree of Life would rotate clockwise in the
northern hemisphere and counterclockwise in the southern probably doesn't
give enough consideration to the feebleness of the Coriolis force compared
to, say, the phototropism of vegetation.  A much more likely explanation
is the classic one: that the clockwise swastika is the Sun-wheel, because
the sun progresses across the sky that way.  (Although that's not the
historical way it happened; clocks were first made as little imitation
images of the sun moving thru the heavens.  So it's more valid to talk of
the clock going sunwise, but do the engineers listen to me?  Of course
not.)  Anyway, there is still much uncertainty about whether the
anti-swastika goes counter-sunwise because that represents Evil, or
because it is the Sun's twin-opposite, the Moonwheel.  The use of anti-Sun
to represent Evil may be because humans are so strongly visually-oriented,
but I'm not going to try to settle THAT one just now.
-- Diccon Frankborn (dickeney@access.digex.com)

<< < For example: why does the universe exist at all?  

<Whether there is a "why" or not we have to find it. This is Pascal's(?) wager.
<If there is no why and we spend our lives searching, then we have merely
<wasted our lives, which were meaningless anyway. If there is a why and we
..
<Suppose the universe is 5 billion years old, and suppose it lasts another
<5 billion years. Suppose I live to be 100. That is nothing, that is so small
<that it is scary. So by searching for the "why" along with my friends here
<on earth if nothing else we aren't so scared.

 I find this view of Christianity to be quite disheartening and sad.
The idea that life only has meaning or importance if there is a Creator
does not seem like much of a basis for belief.

 And the logic is also appalling: "God must exist because I want Him to."

 I have heard this line of "reasoning" before and wonder how prevalent
it is. Certainly in modern society many people are convinced life is
hopeless (or so the pollsters and newscasts state), but I don't see
where this is a good reason to become religious. If you want 'meaning'
why not just join a cult, such as in Waco? The leaders will give you
the security blanket you desire.
+++
++Once inflated the substance was no longer
++needed since there is nothing to cause the balloon to collapse.
++This inflatable structure could suffer multiple holes with no 
++disastrous deflation.
+
+preasure (and the internal preasure that was needed to maintain
+a spherical shape against this resistance) caused them to
+catastrophically deflated.  The large silvered shards
+
+The billboard should pop like a dime store balloon.

No, you're wrong about this. Give me some time to get my references.



No one was ever flogged, beaten, burned, fed to the lions, or killed in any
other way because of a belief in the resurrection - sorry to disappoint you.
The idea of resurrection is one which can be found in a host of different
forms in the religions of antiquity.  The problem was not the resurrection
which was a mediorce issue for a tiny fragment of the Jewish population 
(the Saducees) but was a non issues for everyone else.  The real problem was
that Christians were pacifist and preached there was only one god.  When the
state operates by a system of divinitation of the emperor -  monotheism 
becomes a capital offense.  The Jews were able to get exemption from this,
and were also not evangelistic.  Christians were far more vocal, and gentile,
and hence dangerous and were therefore targets of persecution.  Also since
Christians were a relatively powerless group, they made good scapegoats as is
seen by Nero's blaming them for the burning of Rome.  Let's not cloud the
issues with the resurrection.

randy


Even worse, the city of Atlanta has a proposal before it to rent space on this
orbiting billboard.  Considering the caliber of people running this city, 
there's no telling what we're going to have leering down at us from orbit.

No.  That's *not* what I was complaining about, nor did I intend to
suggest that DEC was any better than SGI (let me tell you about the
Lynx some day, but be prepared with a large sedative if you do...).  My
comment regarding DEC was to indicate that I might be open to other vendors
that supported OpenGL, rather than deal further with SGI.

What I *am* annoyed about is the fact that we were led to believe that
we *would* be able to upgrade to a multiprocessor version of the
Crimson without the assistance of a fork lift truck.

I'm also annoyed about being sold *several* Personal IRISes at a
previous site on the understanding *that* architecture would be around
for a while, rather than being flushed.

Now I understand that SGI is responsible to its investors and has to
keep showing a positive quarterly bottom line (odd that I found myself
pressured on at least two occasions to get the business on the books
just before the end of the quarter), but I'm just a little tired of
getting boned in the process.

Maybe it's because my lab buys SGIs in onesies and twosies, so we
aren't entitled to a "peek under the covers" as the Big Kids (NASA,
for instance) are.  This lab, and I suspect that a lot of other labs
and organizations, doesn't have a load of money to spend on computers
every year, so we can't be out buying new systems on a regular basis.
The boxes that we buy now will have to last us pretty much through the
entire grant period of five years and, in some case, beyond.  That
means that I need to buy the best piece of equipment that I can when I
have the money, not some product that was built, to paraphrase one
previous poster's words, 'to fill a niche' to compete with some other
vendor.  I'm going to be looking at this box for the next five years.
And every time I look at it, I'm going to think about SGI and how I
could have better spent my money (actually *your* money, since we're
supported almost entirely by Federal tax dollars).

Now you'll have to pardon me while I go off and hiss and fume in a
corner somewhere and think dark, libelous thoughts.

							spl
Hello, I realize that this might be a FAQ but I have to ask since I don't get a
change to read this newsgroup very often.  Anyways for my senior project I need
to convert an AutoCad file to a TIFF file.  Please I don't need anyone telling
me that the AutoCAD file is a vector file and the TIFF is a bit map since I
have heard that about 100 times already I would just like to know if anyone
knows how to do this or at least point me to the right direction.
Reading from a Amoco Performance Products data sheet, their
ERL-1906 resin with T40 carbon fiber reinforcement has a compressive
strength of 280,000 psi.  It has a density of 0.058 lb/cu in,
therefore the theoretical height for a constant section column
that can just support itself is 4.8 million inches, or 400,000 ft,
or 75 Statute miles.

Now, a real structure will have horizontal bracing (either a truss
type, or guy wires, or both) and will be used below the crush strength.
Let us assume that we will operate at 40% of the theoretical 
strength.  This gives a working height of 30 miles for a constant
section column.  

A constant section column is not the limit on how high you can
build something if you allow a tapering of the cross section
as you go up.  For example, let us say you have a 280,000 pound
load to support at the top of the tower (for simplicity in
calculation).  This requires 2.5 square inches of column cross
sectional area to support the weight.  The mile of structure
below the payload will itself weigh 9,200 lb, so at 1 mile 
below the payload, the total load is now 289,200 lb, a 3.3% increase.

The next mile of structure must be 3.3% thicker in cross section
to support the top mile of tower plus the payload.  Each mile
of structure must increase in area by the same ratio all the way
to the bottom.  We can see from this that there is no theoretical
limit on area, although there will be practical limits based
on how much composites we can afford to by at $40/lb, and how
much load you need to support on the ground (for which you need
a foundation that the bedrock can support.

Let us arbitrarily choose $1 billion as the limit in costruction
cost.  With this we can afford perhaps 10,000,000 lb of composites,
assuming our finished structure costs $100/lb.  The $40/lb figure
is just for materials cost.  Then we have a tower/payload mass
ratio of 35.7:1.  At a 3.3% mass ratio per mile, the tower
height becomes 111 miles.  This is clearly above the significant
atmosphere.  A rocket launched from the top of the tower will still
have to provide orbital velocity, but atmospheric drag and g-losses
will be almost eliminated.  G-losses are the component of
rocket thrust in the vertical direction to counter gravity,
but which do not contribute to horizontal orbital velocity.  Thus
they represent wasted thrust.  Together with drag, rockets starting
from the ground have a 15% velocity penalty to contend with.

This analysis is simplified, in that it does not consider wind
loads.  These will require more structural support over the first
15 miles of height.  Above that, the air pressure drops to a low
enough value for it not to be a big factor.

Dani Eder




Some variant is quite popular.  This, and other arguments, are
discussed in John Leslie Mackie's "The Miracle of Theism: arguments
for and against the existence of God".  Although Mackie ultimately
sides with "against", his arguments are, I think, quite fair to both
sides.  Brief discussions can be found in the alt.atheism FAQs.
I haven't been following this thread, so appologies if this has already been
mentioned, but how about

	comp.graphics.3d

I am seeking some alternate solutions on how to turn a Postscript Type 1 or
TrueType font outline into polygons that can be subsequently scan converted
by a 3D scanline renderer. 

I have been studying the problem of font conversion for a few years but
have never had the need to implement such a system. Well, I now have the
opportunity to write some font rendering software so I would like to have
some of my questions answered before I jump into the deep end.

The main problem I face is how to use the even/odd or non-winding rules to
turn the outlines into a single outline polygon (my renderer can handle
complex polygons so there is no need to reduce the polygons to simple
polygons). For example, in the letter "O" there are two outlines:

	1) The outside outline which is clockwise (TrueType font)
	2) The inside outline which is counterclockwise.

One common solution used by a number of rendering packages is to simply 
connect the inner outline to the outer outline at the point where the
two outlines are closest. This is equivalent to descibing a "polygon with
holes". The renderer will then make the appropriate hole since the interior
polygon edges are in the opposite direction to the outside edges.

I do not want to use this simplistic system since:

	1) It will not handle all outline fonts properly (it is not a simple
		matter to connect the outer outline to the inner outline for
		some fancy fonts).
	2) It does not properly handle the even/odd or non-winding rules.

From my research over the years the proper solution is to use a trapezoid
decomposition algorithm to scan convert the outlines into trapezoids (as
is done by the Postscript and TrueType font rasterizers). These trapezoidal
polygons can then be easily and properly rendered by the 3D scanline renderer.

My question is: are there any better solutions to turning the outlines into
polgyons other than the trapezoid decomposer? I am not fond of this solution
since it creates excess number of polygons.

Another question, for those in the know: what is the best algorithm to create
bevelled and/or offset curves for font outlines? I have a dozen papers on these
subjects but I can't tell which method is the best to implement.

Thanks for any pointers.

--> Rob Lansdale

Vera Shanti Noyes writes;


Of course I believe in Predestination.  It's a very biblical doctrine as
Romans 8.28-30 shows (among other passages).  Furthermore, the Church
has always taught predestination, from the very beginning.  But to say
that I believe in Predestination does not mean I do not believe in free
will.  Men freely choose the course of their life, which is also
affected by the grace of God.  However, unlike the Calvinists and
Jansenists, I hold that grace is resistable, otherwise you end up with
the idiocy of denying the universal saving will of God (1 Timothy 2.4). 
For God must give enough grace to all to be saved.  But only the elect,
who he foreknew, are predestined and receive the grace of final
perserverance, which guarantees heaven.  This does not mean that those
without that grace can't be saved, it just means that god foreknew their
obstinacy and chose not to give it to them, knowing they would not need
it, as they had freely chosen hell.
							  ^^^^^^^^^^^
People who are saved are saved by the grace of God, and not by their own
effort, for it was God who disposed them to Himself, and predestined
them to become saints.  But those who perish in everlasting fire perish
because they hardened their heart and chose to perish.  Thus, they were
deserving of God;s punishment, as they had rejected their Creator, and
sinned against the working of the Holy Spirit.


Well, I would hold that as God most certainly gives everybody some
blessing for what good they have done (even if it was only a little),
for those He can't bless in the next life, He blesses in this one.  And
those He will not punish in the next life, will be chastised in this one
or in Purgatory for their sins.  Every sin incurs some temporal
punishment, thus, God will punish it unless satisfaction is made for it
(cf. 2 Samuel 12.13-14, David's sin of Adultery and Murder were
forgiven, but he was still punished with the death of his child.)  And I
need not point out the idea of punishment because of God's judgement is
quite prevelant in the Bible.  Sodom and Gommorrah, Moses barred from
the Holy Land, the slaughter of the Cannanites, Annias and Saphira,
Jerusalem in 70 AD, etc.

not a >good parallel, but i'm going to go with it anyway), why should we
not >stop the murder and violation of people who may (or may not) be more

We should stop the slaughter of the innocent (cf Proverbs 24.11-12), but
does that mean that Christians should support a war in Bosnia with the
U.S. or even the U.N. involved?  I do not think so, but I am an
isolationist, and disagree with foreign adventures in general.  But in
the case of Bosnia, I frankly see no excuse for us getting militarily
involved, it would not be a "just war."  "Blessed" after all, "are the
peacemakers" was what Our Lord said, not the interventionists.  Our
actions in Bosnia must be for peace, and not for a war which is
unrelated to anything to justify it for us.





    While I don't mean to damn Henrik's attempt to be helpful here,
he's using a common misconception that should be corrected.

    Mach banding will occur for any image.  It is not the color
quantization you see when you don't have enough bits.  It is the
human eye's response to transitions or edges between intensities.
The result is that colors near the transistion look brighter on
the brighter side and darker on the darker side.

--Andre


I see some irony here. Jesus was willing to go through torture to free
you from the definite promise of hell (based on Adam/Eve's fall from grace)
but rather than allow him to stand in your place, you would give up
your redemption to stand with those who do not accept his grace.
God would rather have none in hell, which seems to put the burden of 
choice on us. Of course, this is all fictional anyway since you reject him
also.

My former sociology professor once told us at the beginning
of our term, "you all start out with an A...what you do with that during
the course of this term is up to you". In the beginning...Adam and Eve
were given an A. 


: |> 
: |>         Is there any way to connect two pointing devices to one serial
: |>         port? I haven't tried this but I believe they would interfere
: |>         with each other (?) even if only one at a time would be used.

: 	Just get an A-B switch for RS232. Look in Computer Shopper.
: They are available fairly cheap. They allow switching between two
: serial devices on a single port.

Unfortunately the poster wants to use an internal and an external modem so a
switch isn't going to help them.  If you aren't using your com ports for
anything else, just define them on different com ports.  Define your internal
modem to be say, com1, and your external modem to be com3.  You really
shouldn't have to worry about interrupt conflicts since you won't be using
both modems at the same time :).

yeah,

They just tore down the Kmart near my house (putting in a new suptermarket).  I
heard that there is a beer drinking ghost who still haunts the place!  8-{)

Tom

I liked this one I read a while ago...
Concerning Christians praying for coporate forgiveness of national sins, 
Michael Covington claims the following of C.S. Lewis:

<><

I was surprised when I heard this same kind of remark from a fellow grad. 
student I know, especially since he had seminary training.  I have read the 
same essay and do not find Lewis making any such claim.  Rather, Lewis is 
condemning the use of such coporate prayer efforts as platforms to make 
political jabs at opponents, feigned as confessions of guilt (ie., Lord please 
forgive us for allowing "insert political issue/idea/platform" to exist in our
country, it is wrong and we ask your forgiveness.).  I would be interested in
knowing what part of the essay you feel condemns national repentance (please
quote).

Can we assume from this statement that you are >unequivocally< saying that
AMORC is not a spin off of OTO? .. and that in fact, OTO may well be a spin
off of AMORC??
i would be quite interested in hearing what evidence you have to support this
claim. 


Study Smarter, not Harder! :-)




	Both Christians and non-Christians laugh at this quote because
it exaggerates something we all feel, but know is not true.  Us
Christians just KNOW that a little better!    :)



			In God we trust!


			-Christopher

				      ^^^^^
	No: It is old. You said AMORC *IS*, not *was*... :-)
Nothing personal, OK? Good! :-)

	Maybe you didn't know that it's over by now. There is no more
pending legal actions from no where, period. So yes, there was a
situation and it has been resolved by BOTH parties. As long as humans 
handle anything, it is subjected to "breaking" :-)

	BTW, Gary L. Stewart has a P.O. Box in TX calling his org ARC:
Ancient Rosae Crucis. I guess he couldn't take the "MO" from AMORC :-)




American, perhaps, but nothing military about it.  I learned (mostly)
slugs when we talked English units in high school physics and while
the teacher was an ex-Navy fighter jock the book certainly wasn't
produced by the military.

[Poundals were just too flinking small and made the math come out
funny; sort of the same reason proponents of SI give for using that.] 

-- 
"Insisting on perfect safety is for people who don't have the balls to live
 in the real world."   -- Mary Shafer, NASA Ames Dryden